What is the area of Medak city?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Guntur district in 2015?
When did K.S. Prakashrao die?
Rayavellore kota comes under which state?
Which is the largest state in Japan in area?
When was the instant camera invented?
Which liquid can be used to stop the fire in general?
How many water tanks are there in Tandooru mandal?
Which is the largest district in Telangana state in 2019 in area?
Who is the director of the movie Prema Kavali?
How many continents are there in the world?
Who is the president of Portugal in 2015?
How many perennial rivers are there in West Godavari district?
Which is the first bank started in Reddygudem mandal?
What is the duration of the movie Eduru Leni Manishi 2001?
Which is the first country that started debit cards?
How many meters do one kilometer has?
When was the first government school established in Mahanandi mandal?
What is the height of Paruchuri Venkateswararao?
What is the number of police stations exist in Chinnamandem mandal?
What is the scientific name of scorpion?
As of 2001, what is the biggest temple in Putalapattu mandal?
Who was the first home minister of Telangana state?
When was C. Sujatha born?
Which is the first movie that came under Steven Spielberg's director?
Who is the collector of Vikarabad in 2016?
What is the first Telugu movie that Trisha acted?
Which is the largest building in Telangana state?
As of 2017, how many government schools are there in Srirangarajapuram mandal?
What is the number of water tanks exist in Nagiri mandal?
Which is the biggest theme park in the world in 2009?
What is the literacy rate of Bashirabhag mandal in 2015?
What is the place of Kurnool district in the list of the largest districts in India in area?
What is the area of Bhutan?
Where did Potti Sriramulu do the hunger strike?
As of 2017, how many government schools are there in Palakollu mandal?
What is the percapita income of Uttar Pradesh state in 2010?
How many movies had Saluru Rajeswararao as a music director?
What is the molecular weight of iridium?
Which chemical substance is the most useful for human beings?
Who founded Stanford University?
Kanuparti village comes under which legislative constituency?
What is the approximate length of a dinosaur?
How many colors can a blind person see?
What should be the average room temparature?
Who established Mughal empire?
As of 2017, how many government schools are there in Sompeta mandal?
When was Ben Aplek born?
Who is the lead actor in Mahasivaratri movie?
Who is the collector for Guntur district in 2014?
Gudigalla village comes under which legislative constituency?
What is the area of Gudiwada town?
Who is the collector for Vijayanagaram district in 2010?
As of 2012, how many water tanks are there in Chittoor district?
When is the National Education Day celebrated?
When was Rail Bhoomi Abhivriddi Mandal started?
What is the maximum speed of Deccan Queen Superfast Express train?
How many universities are there in the country Congo?
What is the literacy rate of Mahaboobnagar mandal in 2010?
Who's the chief minister of Uttar Pradesh in 2018?
Approximately how many crops are being cultivated per year?
What is the duration of the movie Wolf of the Wall Street?
Which country has the more number of elephants?
Where was the first heart surgery conducted in the world?
How many novels has Charles Dickens written?
Who is the first womenn that has driven a plane?
When was the government school established in Yerragondapalem village?
Which is the most ancient tree in India?
How many copies of Uncle Tom's cabin were sold until 1991?
When was Raj Comics established?
Where did Nyapati Subbarao Pantulu complete his primary education?
Saraswati river flows across which states?
Where is the American's longest river located?
According to the census of 2017, what is the percentage of womenn in the world?
Which invented the mathematics?
How many mandals are there in Lakhimpur district?
When was the first recession happened in India?
When was National Institute Technology started in Warangal?
Darjeling comes under which state?
How many Mughal emperors ruled Hyderabad?
How many countries are there in the world in 1990?
Who's the chief minister of Kerala in 2011?
How many hectares of land was there in Anantapur in 2014?
What is the length of Caribbean sea?
What is the first book that Korada Ramachandrasastri written?
Who's the chief minister of Himachal Pradesh in 2015?
What is the height of Roger Federer?
As of 2017, how many government schools are there in K.V.B puram mandal?
Which mandal exists in the east of Gangavaram mandal?
What is the molecular weight of carbon?
Where is the head office of the State Bank of India located?
What is the most severe earthquake occurred in the world until now?
How much temperature is needed for thermal welding?
What is the largest mandal in Telangana state in area?
Who directed the movie Eduru Leni Manishi?
Which is the largest state in America?
As of 2018, how many higher schools are there in Kasimkota mandal?
How many departments are there in engineering?
Who directed the movie Goodachari?
When did Sanskrit language come into usage?
At what temperature can water turn into soild state?
Which country reached the first place in dates production in the world in 2015?
Who is the director of the first movie Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu?
What is the first movie that Hindi actor Raj Kumar acted?
Which is the largest bridge in Srikakulam district?
Who is the prime minister of India in 2019?
Which was the first dental hospital built in Andhra Pradesh?
What is the height of Johny Walker?
What is the area of Tokya city?
Where is the largest cloth industry located in India in 2012?
Which is the highest place in Andhra Pradesh?
How many movies came in the combination of Mahesh Babu and Prakash Raj until 2018?
Where was the first artificial satellite launched?
When was the first engineering college started in Srikakulam district?
What is the lifetime of a snail?
What is the name of the tallest plant in the world?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Ghanapur mandal?
Which is the largest state in south India?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Maddikera East mandal?
Who is the first president of Cuba?
How many rivers flow across Kurnool district?
Who directed the movie Chakram?
How many valves are there in a heart?
How many engineering colleges are there in Ambala district?
How many by-elections were conducted in India until 2015?
Which is the largest city in Karnataka?
How many types of precious stones are available?
Which scientist found that the plants do have life?
What is the number of the national highways in Krishna district?
Which Indian received the first nobel prize for physics?
Which device is used to measure the density?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Thuggali mandal?
Who's the chief minister of Andhra Pradesh in 1992?
As of 2018, how many government hospitals are there in Palakonda mandal?
How many perennial rivers are there in Manchiryala district?
Where is the biggest tree in Japan located?
Who is the director of the second movie of Mahesh Babu in Telugu?
Who is the producer for Life of Pie movie?
Which is the first country that started solar power generation?
What are the important oils?
Who is the director of the first movie that Prabhas acted?
Which is the first bank built in Ravikamatham mandal?
How many days are there in a century?
Who is the first prime minister of Afghanistan?
What is the lifetime of a cat?
How many Malayali movies released in Keral in 2010?
Who is the producer for Joker movie?
How many national highways are going through Yadadri Bhuvanagiri district?
What is the first movie released in Telugu language?
Which is the biggest water tank in Saravakota mandal?
Who designed the first program for a computer?
What is number of villages in Chintapalli mandal?
Where is the biggest chilly market in the world located?
Who is the music director for the movie E?
When was the foreign currency exchange agreement begin?
Orugallu belongs to which kingdom?
When was the PSLV-D2 satellite launch vehicle sent into the space?
Anakapalli town is located on which river bank?
How many railway stations are there in Krishna district in 2013?
How many years has British ruled India?
How many wards are there in Panyam village?
What is the number of water tanks exist in Nandigam mandal?
What is the area of Dhanbad town?
Who is the revenue officer for Pamurru mandal in 2016?
What is the length of the Rod cliff?
What is the revolving speed of the planet Pluto?
Where is the largest international ariport in Andhra Pradesh located?
What is the length of the largest bowel in the human body?
Which country has the football game as it's national sport?
How many universities are there in the world?
When was the movie Nayakudu - Vinayakudu released?
What is the area of Uttar Pradesh state?
Which is the first overhead tank built in Sarubujjili mandal?
How many railway stations are there in Guntur district in 2018?
Pakistan comes under which continent?
In whic year was the Emore University School fo Medicine founded?
How many mandals are there in Vikarabad district?
What is the construction that was built as a symbol for tuberculosis?
Which war has impacted Cyrus the great?
Which is the first movie that Sharuk Khan produced?
What is the capital of Punjab?
Who is the producer for Viswasam movie?
What is the approximate amount of water that is going to the sea from the river Godavari?
What is the area of Anantapuram city?
Which is the largest revenue division in Visakhapatnam district?
What is the scientific name of brocoli?
Ibrahimpatnam comes under which state?
Who is the revenue officer for Kottapalli mandal in 2010?
How many awards has Penelove Cruz won until 2010?
As of 2019, which is the biggest church in Kerala?
Who is the collector for Visakhapatnam district in 2003?
As of 2015, how many government schools are there in Kollipara mandal?
Which is the first engineering college built in Prakasam district?
How many letters are there in Latin?
Where is Takshasila University located?
What is the area of Badami town?
What is the duration of the movie Nayakudu?
How many movies released in Telugu in 1980?
What is the national animal of Bangladesh?
Who is the producer for E movie?
Which is the largest city in Madras state?
What is the literacy rate of Mahanandi mandal in 2011?
How many sub-categories are there in philosophy?
Who was in the first rank among womenn's singles tennis in 2018?
What is the English word for procedure?
According to the census of 2011, what is the population of Jaggayyapeta mandal?
What is the lifetime of human beings?
How many awards has Tom Cruise won until 2018?
What is the capital of Haryana?
Who established Mysore kingdom?
What is the length of the Thames river?
What is the area of Vijayawada?
As of 2012, how many national highways were there in Vijayanagaram district?
Who is the president of France in 2014?
Who invented the bullet?
How many kings ruled India during the 19th century?
Which mandal exists in the west of Koyyuru mandal?
What is the frequency of radio waves?
Where was J.K. Rolling born?
Who is Panini's wife?
Which is the first engineering college in Andhra Pradesh?
What is the capital of Azerbaijan?
When was the movie Vegam released?
Which is the largest village in area in Visakhapatnam district?
How many seats has BJP won in 2019 Loksabha elections?
Who's the first person that discovered the Snells rule?
Which is the largest planet in the solar system?
Who is the prime minister of India in 2017?
What is the English word for biology?
How many municipalities were there in Visakhapatnam district in 2018?
What is the molecular weight of oxygen?
What is the height of the Eiffle tower?
As of 2014, what is the most populous village in Kurnool district?
As of 2016, how many national sports are there?
Which country is economically in a better place by 2018?
Where is the first news channel located?
What is the Spanish word for watch?
Which oil has no color and smell?
How many water tanks are there across Andhra Pradhesh?
What was the rainfall recorded in Pagidirai in 2010?
Where is the origin of Kuchipudi?
What is the chemical formula for lycopene?
Siachen Glacier located in which country by 2019?
How many movies released in Kannada in 2015?
Who is the lead actor in Brahmana movie?
What is the number of post offices available in Rayavaram mandal?
Which is the first railway station built in Thane district?
What is the area of Machilipatnam?
How many acts were passed by the Indian parliament in 2017?
What is the population of Telangana state in 2018?
How many towns in Krishna district have the municipality status?
Which mandal exists in the west of Gopavaram village?
What is the average lifetime of human beings?
What is the name of the border line beween India and China?
As of 2018, how many government schools are there in Yallagondapalem mandal?
Which fruits are largely grown in Assam state?
Who is the collector for Khammam district in 2018?
When did the most lethal cyclone in the world occurred?
Which is the biggest constituency in Guntur district?
What is the area of Osmania kingdom?
How many government schools are there in Kakumanu mandal?
What is the biggest dam in Sri Potti Sriramulu Nellore district?
What is the first novel by Munshi Premchand?
What is the height of Preeti Jinta?
What is the average weight of honeybees?
How many people lose their lives during the 2004 tsunami in Indonesia?
How many colors are there in a Canadian national flag?
Who is the father of the Lord Rama?
How many police stations are there in Madugula mandal in 2017?
What is the name of Rajiv Gandhi's tomb?
Which is the mostly used instant messaging app in India in 2018?
Which state's capital is Simla?
What is the length of the Dedang river?
How many royal bengal tigers are there in India during 2018?
Which actress receieved the first nandi award as the best actress?
How many litres of milk can an Indian cow give?
What is the birthplace of Michael Madhusudan Dutt?
When was Delhi police formed?
What is the liquidification point of organ element?
What is the length of Arabian sea?
How many mandals are there in Suryapet district?
What is the name of the famous Lord Shiva temple located in Kotipalli?
What is the area of Puri town?
How many dubbed movies released in Telugu language until 2011?
Which is the first municipality formed in Visakhapatnam district?
What is the area of Shimoga city?
What is the vehicle of the Lord Vishnu?
As of 1999, how many national highways were there in East Godavari district?
What is the number of villages in Gurugaon district?
What is famous in Jamui district?
Who directed the movie Jal?
Who is the first travel to travel across the seven oceans?
Which is the largest university in East Godavari district in area in 2018?
Who received the first nobel prize for literature?
When was the first government school established in Aspari mandal?
How many revenue divisions were there in Visakhapatnam district in 1950?
What is the duration of the movie Mugguru Monagallu?
How many fats dissolve in water?
Which mandal exists in the east of Devarapalli mandal?
Where was Akkineni Akhil born?
Who is the father of alzebra?
How many students were there in Osmania university in 2018?
How many coastal districts are there in Karnataka state?
Which country exported petroleum largely in 2018?
What is the area of Ontario state?
Where is the most ancient temple in India located?
What is the duration of the movie Pink?
Who is the father of Dharmaraju?
What is the size of human lungs?
How many space agencies do India has in 2014?
How many zeros do one million has?
Who directed the movie Oka Laila Kosam?
What is the birthstate of Akhil Kumar?
Who is the revenue officer for Pitapuram mandal in 2017?
How many meters are equal to one hectare?
Which is the largest city in Haryana state?
Which is the first primary school built in Bapulapadu mandal?
How many types of fruit trees are there in the world?
Who invented the printing machine?
When has Krishnakumar Dinesh Karthik entered into international cricket?
Who is the revenue officer for Gopalapuram mandal in 2016?
When was the Andhra Pradesh Seed Development Corporation Limited built?
What is the length of the Angkor Wat temple?
What is the number of police stations exist in Gudibanda mandal?
When has Dhanraj Pillai received Arjuna award?
What is the area of Kakinada town?
When was the airport in Donakonda mandal closed?
How many primary schools are there in Rajanna Siricilla district?
What is the birthplace of Shendyala Nageswararao?
In 2019, what was the position of India in the list of the countries by crime rate?
Who founded Ferrania?
When was the movie Chitram released?
Which is the largest river in East Godavari district?
What is the area of Qatar?
What is the birthplace of Mare Shelle?
Which is most populous state in India?
Who is the producer for Doctor Chakravathi movie?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Julumooru mandal?
In which village was Srikakulam Road railway station built?
Who is the director for Major Chandrakanth movie?
Who is Krishnavamsi's wife?
What is the area of Janagama town?
What is the English word for oil?
What is the famous book written by Vyasa maharshi?
How many rivers flow in Denmark?
Who's the longest serving Maharastra's Governor until 2018?
Which is the first movie that Vedanta Raghavayya directed?
As of 2009, how many government schools are there in Kolluru mandal?
As of 2011, how many government schools are there in Bhimavaram mandal?
How many sons do Dushasana has?
Who built the red fort?
Who directed the movie Amar?
Which is the largest assembly constituency in East Godavari district?
As of 2010, how many government schools are there in Peesumamidi village?
As of 2018, how many South Indian shopping malls are there in Vijayawada?
How many primary health care Centres are there in Kollur mandal?
Who was the chief minister of Karnataka in 2016?
How many employees does Reliance have during 2018?
What was the temperature recorded on the Earth in 2018?
What is used to make the most important cooking salt?
Which tool can be used to know the directions?
What is the population of Nalgonda in 2016?
Who is the first sarpanch of Pisini village?
Which is the first university built by the middlesex in the country?
When was the movie Kasi released?
How many days are there in a century?
What is the area of New York city?
Which is the biggest Gaali Gopuram in India?
How many government hospitals are available in Eluru in 2018?
What is the first movie that Kantilal Rathod directed?
What is the area of Tamilnadu state?
Who's the chief minister of Karnataka in 2003?
Which is the largest park in Telangana state in 2012?
When was Oxford university's publication founded?
Who is the father of C.V. Reddy?
What is the name of Narla Venkateswararao's wife?
What is the lifetime of a tortoise?
How many primary schools are there in Devarapalli mandal in 2011?
What is the largest village in Jaggayyapeta mandal in area?
In which year was the consumer act passed?
Who is the founder of Ford company?
When has ETV started the Star Mahil programme?
Where is Potti Sriramulu Telugu University located?
What is the number of post offices available in Pullalacheruvu mandal?
Which is the largest city in Jammu and Kashmir state?
Which is the most populous city in America in 2018?
How many mandals are there in Telangana state?
Who is the first presiden of WHO?
How many districts are in the neighborhood of Bhadradi Kothagudem dirstict?
When was Sun Group Organisation started?
Which country makes the most number of aritificial magnets?
What is the average weight of a monkey's heart?
What is the birthplace of Johny Walker?
What is the oldest tree in India?
What is the English word for betel leaf?
Whose biography is the base for the Telugu movie Yatra?
Which region was ruled by Hala of Satavahana emperors?
Which is the first Tamil movie released in Telugu?
Which government has changed the name of Nellore district to Sri Potti Sriramulu Nellore district?
Who is the first king of Kakatiya dynasty to rule Kurnool district?
What is number of womenn in Kubeer village as of 2004?
Which is the first mobile tower built in Udayagiri mandal?
When was the movie Dongala Dopidi released?
What is the duration of the movie Rendu?
Who is the father of Vidya Ram?
How many government hospitals are there in Atmakur mandal?
Which countries are below the poverty line?
Which is the biggest dam in Nalgonda district?
What is the molecular weight of copper?
How many rivers flow across Asian continent?
Who is the revenue officer for Cheedikada mandal in 2016?
Which is the largest milk center in Telangana state?
When was the first private hospitale started in Baba Bakala taluk?
Which is the biggest Hindu temple in Yadadri?
Who is the collector for Kurnool district in 2016?
How many rivers flow from Etapaka mandal?
Who got elected as the MLA of Hindupur in 2014?
As of 2011, how many national highways were there in Anantapur district?
Since when the labour act is being implemented?
How many Telugu movies released in 2015?
What is the minimum wage in India?
How many gases are there in a periodic table?
When was the government school established in Veluru village?
When was the Maa TV channel started?
Who is the director of the first movie that Saptagiri acted as a hero?
Which goddess is being worshiped in Kolleru?
What is the biggest part in the nervous system?
Who is Kailash Satyarthi's wife?
How many pearls are there in Tirupati Venkateswara Swamy's crown?
How many new male voters registered in 2019?
Which is the tallest church in South America?
Which is the first book written by Alfred Tennison?
Who is the collector for Prakasam district in 2008?
Who is the lead actor in Labour Leader movie?
What is the Tamil word for watch?
How many universities are there in the country Iraq in 2009?
What is the number of literate womenn in Madhavaram village as of 2011 census?
What is the duration of the movie Athidhi?
How many years Andhra Pradesh had Kurnool as it's captial?
What is the number of employees in Intel in 2015?
What is the width of the Earth?
As of 2018, how many government hospitals are there in Baagalkot district?
How many districts are there in Telangana state in 2015?
Which is the biggest tree in China?
What is the number of employees in Google in 2018?
What is the area of Jadcharla town?
Which mandal exists in the west of Mulakalacheruvu mandal?
Which is the smallest river in Krishna district?
Which is the largest river in Egypt?
What is the distance between Peddapurappadua nd Ramachandrapuram?
Which gas is emitted by plants?
What is the number of literate womenn in Abbana Goodavalli village as of 2011 census?
How many water tanks are there in Srikakulam district?
What is the capital of Manipur?
What is the length of Bhimunipatnam beach?
What is the number of post offices in Sri Potti Sriramulu Nellore district?
Who is the revenue officer for Parlaakimidi mandal in 2010?
How many villages exist in the neighborhood of Rajahmundry village?
What is the population of Nuziveedu in 2009?
What is the number of water tanks available in Gondi village?
What is the taste of sea water?
What is the area of Ballari?
How many types of expression are there?
What is the literacy rate of Guntur district in 2016?
How many water tanks are there in Nizamabad district?
Which is the largest district in Andhra Pradesh in area?
As of 2011, how many national highways were there in Visakhapatnam district?
What do reptiles eat?
Which is the oldest temple in Uttarakhand?
Who is Sanjaya's wife?
Which is the largest town in Visakhapatnam district?
How many molecules can one hydrogen atom contain?
Where is Vijayanagaram district's head office located?
How many children do Parvathidevi has?
Who is the wife of Vedantham Satyanarayana Sharma?
Who is the collector for Nellore district in 2018?
Who directed the movie Garuda?
Where is the most ancient temple in Andhra Pradesh located?
What is very famous in Kalyanadurgam village?
How many primary schools are there in Konakanamitla mandal?
What is the population density of Manipur in 2015?
Which is the first mobile tower built in Sangam mandal?
Which is the first movie that Sharuk Khan acted?
When has Indian government banned five hundred rupees note?
What is the first Telugu movie that Sandhya acted?
Which is the largest river in Srikakulam district?
Which is the biggest temple in Garidepalli mandal?
As of 2011, what is the percentage of the area covered by forest in West Godavari?
Which is the largest cinema hall in Cuddapah district?
Where is the Microsoft's head office located?
What is the number of post offices available in Ibrahimpatnam mandal?
How many constituencies are there in Guntur district?
Which is the biggest assembly constituency in Khammam district?
How many lakes are there in Srinagar?
How many movies has Kongara Jaggayya acted?
When was Jindal Steel and Power Limited started?
As of 2018, how many primary schools are there in Atmakur mandal?
Which god is referred as Tirumalesudu?
Who is the lead actor in 28 Degrees Centigrade movie?
After a man dies, how many hours can the brain work?
Who is the lead actress in the movie Azad?
Who worked as the join collector of Guntur district in 2014?
Which is the biggest water tank in Ghanapur mandal?
What is the escape velocity of Saturn?
How many types of welding is available?
When was the Farooknagar Railway Station built?
What is the name of Bapatla beach in Guntur district?
How many movies has Melanie Laurent acted?
Who is the collector for Bikaner district in 2008?
Where is the Nizamabad district office located?
What do we call the germs that can cause diseases?
What is the birthplace of Kapila Maharshi?
How many students were there in IIT Delhi in 2015?
When was Rajarani temple built?
Which scientist found that the birds have feelings?
What was the age of Trivikram Srinivas in 2012?
Who is the collector for Kurnool district in 2010?
Which is the first primary hospital built in Koyyalagudem mandal?
What is the lifetime of an anaconda?
బి. What is the pin code of B.Kotturu?
How many constituencies are there in Andhra Pradesh state?
Which party won the most seats in East Godavari in 2014 assembly elections?
What is the real name of Vandemataram Ramachandrarao?
Which is the biggest church in Bangalore?
What is the area of Tenali?
How many types of terminals are there?
Who is the producer for Lakshmi movie?
Who has written the science of dance?
What is the English word for pig?
Who is the director of the movie Oh My Friend?
What is the production cost of the movie Gabbar Singh?
What is the height of the tallest statue in Gujarat state in 2018?
When did second Harihara Royal die?
Who is the writer of the movie Bahubali?
At what temperature can water turn from liquid state to soild state?
What is the formula to measure restraint?
What do the Hindus eat mostly?
Which state's capital is Amaravathi?
Which is the largest political party in the world?
As of 2017, how many government schools are there in Narayanavanam mandal?
What is the highly cultivate crop in Sri Potti Sriramulu Nellore district?
Which is the largest sea port in Srikakulam district?
Which is the highly populated district in Telangana state in 2018?
How many rivers flow across Punjab?
When did the first Panipat war happen?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Armooru mandal?
Which village in Kukkanooru mandal has the biggest water tank?
What is the number of villages exist in Chillakooru mandal?
What is the color of the Indian two thousand rupee note?
What is used as an electrode in lithium ion batteries?
What is the area of Ramagundam town?
What is the scientific name of a lizard?
Who is the cinematographer for the movie Tholiprema?
What is number of villages in Varadayyapalem mandal?
How many government hospitals are there in Kottapalli mandal?
What is the highest plateau in the world?
As of 2011, how many acres of barren land is available in B.Kottakota village?
How many rivers flow across Nalgonda district?
As of 2001, what is the population of Dornala mandal?
When was Madhura Audio company established?
What is the area of Kanoj kingdom?
As of 2018, how many hospitals are there in Kundanagurti mandal?
What is the area of Las Vegas city?
What is the duration of the movie Lanka?
When did Dr. Ghantasala Sitarama Sarma complete the medicine?
When was the movie Maharaja released?
What is the first movie of Kodi Ramakrishna as a director?
Which is the largest revenue division in Srikakulam district?
What is the length of the Yamuna river?
Who is the first prime minister of Austria?
Which district was divided to form Anantapur district?
How many railway stations are there in Martur mandal in 2018?
What is the area of Tadipatri town?
Who invented HTTP?
Who is the collector for Amritsar district in 2010?
What is the birthplace of Gautamiputra Shatakarni?
What is the mass of sucrose molar?
Where is the famous temple in Krishna district located?
What is the symbol of Croatia?
At room temperature, what would be the state of mercury?
Which country produces the highest amount of gold?
Who built the first dam in Japan?
Where is Sri Potti Sriramulu's grave located?
As of 2017, how many government colleges are there in Munchamgiputtu mandal?
What is the state animal of Maharastra?
What is the color of Cocacola?
What is the literacy rate of Bantumilli mandal in 2017?
What is the lifetime of a cow?
What is the literacy rate of Amritsar district in 2010?
Which Indian scientist did first research on borax?
To which century Guru Har Gobind belongs to?
Which is the majority religion in Amritsar religion?
How many Andhra Bank branches are there in Nandigama mandal?
What is the first movie released in Telugu?
How many oxygen atoms are there in lead (II) nitrate?
How many cinema theatres are there in Udayagiri mandal in 2011?
Who is the revenue officer for Gangavaram mandal in 2016?
When was the Sharpville town police station started?
When was Nellore district name changed to Sri Potti Sriramulu Nellore district?
What is the length of Chilka lake?
Who is the wife of Tripuraneni Ramaswamy?
Which is the first industry started in Amritsar district?
What is the antonym for nature?
When was matinee entertainment started?
What is the number of villages exist in Aaleru mandal?
How many mandals are there in Jagityal district?
Who got elected as the MLA of East Visakhapatnam in 2009?
What is the percentage of Christians in Tamilnadu as of 2011 census?
How many water tanks are there in Visakhapatnam district?
By 2010, where is the largest coal mines available in India?
Who directed the movie Yogi?
Which is the largest construction in the world?
Z.Medapadu comes unders which district?
What is the national animal of India?
When was Turner Syndrome discovered?
How many coastal districts are there in Andhra Pradesh?
Krishna district comes under which state?
What is the capital of Cyprus?
Which government introduced Arogrya Sri scheme?
Who is the collector for Chittoor district in 2016?
How much enegry can one litre of milk contain?
What is an Island?
When was the movie Bangaru Patakam released?
How many cities are there in Columbia district?
What is the area of Boston city?
What is the average weight of one brick?
How many states are there in USA?
How many police stations are there in Rompicharla mandal?
What is the literacy rate of Korutla mandal in 2017?
How many districts are there in Andhra Pradesh in 2010?
Which element has the molecular weight of 65?
When was the first government junior college started in Gangaraju Madugula mandal?
Who is the lead actress in Ice Cream movie?
Which country produced most number of mobiles in 2016?
Where is the longest great dane located?
When was the movie Kalki released?
As of 2011, how many primary schools are there in West Godavari district?
In which year Bertrand Aurthor William Russel received nobel prize?
Which is the second biggest festival in Chattisgarh state?
As of 2017, how many government schools are there in Ramachandrapuram mandal?
Which is the first engineering college established in Sri Potti Sriramulu Nellore district?
when did louis pasteur discovered the vaccine for rabies?
How many types of irrgation water supply is available in Bollapalli village?
In which year was Byomkesh Bakshi novel released?
What are the highly cultivated vegetables in Rajam mandal?
How many revenue divisions are there in Srikakulam district?
Which country has large number of spiders?
What is the first Telugu movie that Soundarya acted?
How many war ships did Russia sold to India until 2019?
Who is the father of Tanasha?
What is the number of female voters in Guntapalli village as of 2018?
Who is the collector of West Godavari in 1998?
In how many movies did Kishore Kumar acted in his lifetime?
Which is the first bank started in Mujafarnagar district?
What is the approximate weight of a human eye?
How many districts are there in Andhra?
Who was the richest Indian in 2001?
Which is the first primary school built in Iragavaram mandal?
As of 2017, how many government schools are there in Kaviti mandal?
Which gas is emitted by trees?
Who is the collector for Chittoor district in 2008?
How many days are equal to 6 lakh years?
In which century dragons become extinct?
Who is the CEO of ICICI in 2019?
When was the south central railway started?
Who is the collector for Prakasam district in 2016?
How many states are in the neighborhood of Bihar state?
What is the area of Nandyal?
How many dams are there in El Salvador?
In August 1950, how many mandals from Visakhapatnam district were joined to Srikakulam district?
Which is the first primary school built in Devghar district?
What is the largest bone in the human body?
What is the birthplace of Upen Patel?
What is the approximate length of a spinal chord of human beings?
What is the birthplace of the sain Agasthya?
Who built the first motorcycle?
What is the real name of Mahatma Gandhi?
What is the name the people of Chennai use for pongal?
How many primary health care Centres are there in Guntur district?
How many pages are there in Great Expectations?
Which is the Smallest village in Vidavalooru mandal in area?
Which tool can measure the voltage?
Where did Amalia Clemente Modigliani die?
Which animal is around the neck of the Lord Shiva?
Which scientist did first research on herbalism?
Who is the producer for Yantra movie?
How many acres of paddy land is available in Bhoopalapatnam village?
In which year has C.K. Naidu entered into test?
When was the first police station started in South Africa?
When was the Nokia company initially started?
How many types of measurements are there?
Who is the first prime minister of Lithuania?
As of 2001, what is the biggest construction in Chittoor district?
Who are the parents of Sobhan babu?
What is percentage of Tamil population in India as of 2011 census?
What is the literacy rate of Shaadol district in 2010?
When was two thousand rupees note released in India?
What is the name of Devaki Nandan's mother?
How many children does Herbert Spencer have?
Who directed the movie Adavi Yodhudu?
How many Deccan soldiers died in Thallikota war?
Which is the biggest temple in Vikarabad district?
What are the perennial rivers in Srikakulam district?
Who is the MLA of Ponnur in 2011?
When was the movie Samrajyam released?
What is the currency of the country Mauritania?
When was the weighing machine invented?
What is the built area of Howra Junction Railway Station village?
When was the first university started in Srikakulam district?
Which Indian city is called as electronic city?
When was the first government college established in Ungutooru mandal?
What is the birthplace of Kalugodu Ashwartharao?
When did Saluru Rajeswararao die?
How many districts are there in Telangana state in 2017?
How many distircts are there in Andhra Pradesh in 1999?
Which assembly constituency in Srikakulam district has the highest number of voters in 2019?
When was Vinayaka Krishna Gokak received Jnanpith award?
What is the literacy rate of Gudibanda mandal in 2010?
What is the English word for protection?
Which company made the first revolver in the world?
What is the area of Visakhapatnam town?
How many universities were there in Telangana state in 2018?
Who is the collector for Amritsar district in 2008?
When was the plastic invented?
When is the World Science Day celebrated?
What is the lifetime of a pig?
How many people died of Stevens - Johnsons syndrome in the world by 2011?
Who is the wife of Mahanand?
When was the Visakhapatnam sea port built?
What is the birthplace of Thomas Lords?
As of 2018, how many mobile towers are there in Garimanapenta village?
Where is the Hindi film industry located?
What is the first movie that K. Balachandar directed?
Which is the first airport built in Telangana state?
How many of the Dignanugu's writings are prominent?
In how many movies has Edward Harisson Narten action by 2019?
Who is the music director for the movie Robot?
What is the area of Ponnuru city?
As of 2011, how many acres of barren land is available in Cheedigummala village?
How many bones does a human body consist?
How long will take for an onion crop to grow?
Where is the Indian Institute of Petroleum and Energy in Andhra Pradesh located?
Who is the father of Chitra Sankar?
Approximately how many papers can be made from one tree?
Who was the governor of Jammu and Kashmir in 2017?
How many colors are there in a German national flag?
What is the birthplace of Prakruti Vanam Prasad?
What is the area of Sambala city?
What is the number of villages in Krishna district?
Which is the biggest dam in England?
Who is the producer for Koncham Ishtam Koncham Kashtam movie?
How many children does Bhoorgula Ramakrishnarao have?
What is the Tamil word for interest?
How many matches will be held in IPL 2019?
As of 2013, what is the biggest construction in Proddutur town?
According to the 2011 census, what is the population of Uttarakhand state?
How many movies has Pasumarti Krishnamurthy worked as a choreographer?
What is the weight of a neutron?
What is the molecular weight of sulphur?
Which is the first cellphone tower built in Sattenapalli mandal?
What is the number of post offices available in Chandragiri mandal?
How many years did Kakatiya Kings rule Warangal?
Who invented the artificial heart?
How do the plants prepare food for themselves?
Who are the parents of Lenin?
When was the government school established in Vanabhasingi village?
How many Kalinga kings ruled Anakapalli area?
Which country produces large amount of beer?
Which is the first medical college started in Amritsar district?
How many staff are there in International Kalbanti Kreeda Samaakhya in 2018?
Which is the biggest church in India?
How many degree colleges are there in Amritsar district?
What is the official language of San Marino?
Who is the music director for the movie Bharateeyudu?
When was the movie Manishiko Charitra released?
Which Indian scientist did graduate from astronomy for the first time?
What is the area of Ackland greater city?
Who is the collector for Kurnool district in 2011?
In which year did roboti surgery came into the light?
Which family ruled the Vijayanagara kingdom first?
Which animal is the popular pet in America?
Who built the Amarachinta estate?
What is the number of villages exist in Paderu mandal?
What is the highest award that Sir Jagadeesh Chandrasekhar received?
What is the pin code of Rangareddy district?
Where is the biggest railway station in India in 2018 located?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Pedakoorapadu mandal?
Who is Banasura's mother?
What is the number of police stations exist in Krishnagiri mandal?
Who was the governor of Madhya Pradesh in 2018?
When was Catherine Middle Ton born?
How many states are there in Colombia?
How many mandals are there in Ashok Nagar district?
How many water tanks are there in Bhadradri Kothagudem district?
When was Andhra University established in Andhra Pradesh?
Who is the revenue officer for Narsaraopet mandal in 2015?
What is the area of Maridamma Thalli Ammavari Temple?
Which is the first primary school built in Kalyanadurgam mandal?
When was the government school established in Lingala village?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Gaara mandal?
What is the number of the national highways in Prakasam district?
How many National Institute of Technologies are there in India in 2018?
What is the longest English word?
As of 2017, how many government hospitals are there in West Godavari district?
What is the weight of Brett Sergeant Hart?
What is the molecular weight of carbon?
What is the name of Baru Rajarao's mother?
Who invented the first PVC pipe?
Who is the collector for Guntur district in 2005?
Who is elected from Pulivendula with highest majority until 2019 Lokhsabha elections?
What is the age of Mahesh Babu in 2017?
How many movies released in Telugu in 2000?
Which is the fastest flying bird?
Who was the prime minister of India in 1959?
Which company introduced telephones in India?
What is the maximum speed of a tiger?
Which vitamin helps in hair growth?
What is the length of the national highways in Krishna district?
How many days are there in a century?
Where is the biggest Sri Bala Tripura Sundari Devi temple located in Andhra Pradesh?
How many engineering colleges are there in Eluru in 2018?
Who is the education minister of India in 2015?
As of 2017, how many government hospitals are there in Vinjamuru mandal?
Who is the lead actor in Kasi movie?
Who is the music director for the movie Nayakudu 2005?
How many days are equal to two years?
How many years has Sri Krishnadeva Royal ruled the Vijayanagara dynasty?
What is the area of Sangareddy town?
Who are the parents of Sankarambadi Sundarachari?
In which mandal was YS Rajasekhar Reddy born?
Which god is being worshiped in Tirumala Tirupati?
What is the literacy rate of Prakasam district in 2016?
When has Devulapalli Venkata Krishnasastry received the Nandi award?
How many earthquakes occured across the world in 2017?
What is the full name of J.M.Barry's wife?
How many districts are there in Tamilnadu state?
What is the third avatar of Lord Vishnu among his ten avatars?
What is the first novel written by Charles Dickens?
What is the biggest construction in Neece city? ?
Who is the music director for the movie Devatha 1965?
What is the average lifetime of a jagwar?
Which is the largest airline company in the world?
Who's the chief minister of Himachal Pradesh in 2014?
Where did Kalluri Venkatanarayanarao complete his primary education?
What is the height of Ronaldo?
Who is the singer of the song Ye zilla Ye zilla pilla needi Ye zilla?
Who built the kaktiya fort?
Which is called as the king of chemicals?
How many Indian dishes can be made with milets?
How many countries participated in first Olympics?
Who elect the Loksabha members?
Which living being has no brain?
Which is the first bridge built in Gudibanda mandal?
Which is the first performance of D.C.Comics?
Which player made the first 200 runs in test cricket?
Which is the largest volcano in the world?
How many primary schools are there in Kasimkota mandal?
What is the number of police stations exist in Baulapadu mandal?
Who is the revenue officer for Penumantra mandal in 2017?
What is the population of Farookabad in 2011?
How much hydropower is being made every year?
When did Telkapalli Ramachandrasastri born?
What is the charge of proton?
How many assembly contituencies are there in Krishna district in 2019?
When was Anakapalli town's railway station started?
Where is the BSNL's head office located?
Where is the Andhra Pradesh high court located?
Who was the governor of New Mexico in 2017?
Which is the smallest country in the world?
How many water tanks are there in Chittoor district?
Who is the collector for Chittoor district in 2000?
What is number of womenn in Madakasira mandal as of 2011?
When was the actress Laya born?
What is the scientific name of rice?
Who is the director of the Telugu movie Godavari?
Who is the producer for Adugu movie?
Who is the director of the movie Pandavulu Pandavulu Thummeda?
Which is the first library started in Ambajipeta mandal?
What is the average lifetime of Kalivikodi?
Which is the first mobile tower built in Bhimavaram mandal?
Who are the parents of Palagummi Padmaraju?
When did Kodavatiganti Kutumbarao die?
Which is the largest ocean in the world?
What is the national animal of Germany?
Where did C.H. Mohan Rao complete his primary education?
Which flower grows only once in an year?
Who directed the movie Swamy?
How many government schools are there in Podalakuru mandal?
Who is the lead actress in Mantri movie?
Which desert gets highest rainfall?
Who is the vice president of Republic of Malawi in 2017?
What is the birthplace of Gunaadhya?
When was the first police station started in Mamidikuduru mandal?
Which is the first no-human satellite?
Which raw material is largely available in India?
Who are the parents of Aryadev?
When was PSLV-C40 sent into the orbit?
Who is the collector for Guntur district in 2018?
Where is the most ancient temple of Sri Subramaniam swamy in India located?
What is the literacy rate of Kadubooru mandal in 2010?
How many schemes were introduced by the Indian government in 2016?
How many federal republic countries are there?
What is the highly cultivated vegetable in Gopavaram village?
What is the release date of The Dark Knight?
When was M.F. Hussain born?
What is the highest place in Andhra Pradesh?
Which tool can be used to know the time?
Which is the mainly consumed oil by Keral people?
Which scientist invented the first operating system?
Where is the highest temperature in India recorded in 2018?
Who is the producer for Tholiprema movie?
Where is the supreme court of India located? Which Indian president has approved human rights?
How many districts are in the neighborhood of Kurnool dirstict?
How many years Andhra Pradesh had Hyderabad as it's captial?
What is the scientific name of patridge?
Which government decided to construct industrial coastal corridor in Visakhapatnam?
What is the number of diesel cetane?
What is the first movie released in Telugu language?
What is the area of Mogaltur city?
Who is the governor of Odissa in 2018?
Which Indian state has highest number of votes?
What is the area of Bapatla?
Who's the chief minister of Madhya Pradesh in 2016?
How many movies were shot in Gadwal fort until 2018?
When was ISRO established?
How many important groups of bacteria are there?
How many beaches are there in Visakhapatnam district?
How many books did Valmiki write in his lifetime?
How many colors are there in a Denmark national flag?
How many songs are there in Maro Charitra movie?
When was aritificial heart discovered?
How many days are there in June?
Where is the Pulicat lake located in Andhra Pradesh?
How many international airports are there in Andhra Pradesh in 2018?
When was Madras high court established?
Who is the collector for Visakhapatnam district in 2010?
What is the area of Gold Caost city?
What is the capital of Gujarat?
What is the area of Bihar state?
When was Peddapalli district formed?
People of which age are at a higher risk of polio?
Who are the parents of Kalidasu?
What is the capital of Punjab?
Who are the parents of B.K. Thelma?
How many colors are there in a rainbow?
What is the capital of Uttar Pradesh?
As of 2014, how many acres of barren land is available in Kottapalli village?
What is number of water tanks in Varadayyapalem mandal?
What was the age of the longest lived great dane dog?
How many colors are there in a Jamaican national flag?
Who founded Intel?
How many constituencies are there in Amritsar?
When was the movie Nagaram released?
When has Vilayanar Subramanian Ramachandran received the Padmabhushan award?
When was Tata Motors established?
How many power stations are there in Visakhapatnam 2018?
What is the name of Yona's mother?
When was the first movie Chitram released?
When was Stephen Willcox born?
What is the birthplace of Bartruhari?
What is the chemical formula for a diamond?
Who are the parents of Yadlapalli Venkateswararao?
When was the name of Cuddapah district changed to YSR district?
Which is the first bank started in Kamavarapukota mandal?
What is the name of the international airport located in Krishna district?
Which country produced highest amount of fuel in 2017?
How many primary schools are there in Parchuru mandal in 2015?
Where is the head office of Namaste Telangana newspaper locate?
Which assembly constituency in Kurnool district has the highest number of voters in 2019?
How many Punjab National Banks are there in Bhandara in 2019?
Who is the director of the Telugu movie Meelo Evaru Kotiswarudu?
Which is the largest Hindu temple in Nandigam district?
How many bridges were built on Rajuhmandry Godavari bridge by 2018?
What is the area of Anakapalli town?
What is the Tamil word for astrology?
What is the English word for butter?
Who is the collector for Amritsar district in 2010?
Which is the largest engineering college in Chittoor district 2018?
How many parliament seats were there in Guntur district in 2018?
What is the fastest car in 2018?
Who is the last king of Kakatiya dynasty to rule Kurnool district?
According to the census of 2011, what is the population of Amritsar district?
How many dams are there in Prakasam district in 2016?
What is the main agricultural crop in Athens?
What is the birthplace of Enugula Veerswamayya?
Where is the National Speec and Debate Association located?
Which country has the highest number of Christians by 2009?
Who is the first president of India?
How many rivers are there in East Godavari district?
Which is the largest polytechnicn college in Thanuku mandal?
What is the scientific name of castor oil tree?
How many mandals are there in Guntur district?
Where is the church in West Godavari district?
What is the another name of famous Ayyappa temple in Sankaravam mandal?
How many sea ports are there in Andhra Pradesh?
What is the state symbol of Rajasthan?
Who is the revenue officer for Santabommali mandal in 2016?
Who is the producer for Suryudu movie?
Who is the founder of Sony Corporation?
How many types of agricultural methods are there?
Who started the fourth industrial revolution?
Which is the largest church in Kurnool district?
Where was the first heart surgery conducted in the world?
Where is the supreme court of India located?
How many rivers are there in Andhra Pradhesh in 2013?
How many types of tomatoes are available in India?
What is the area of Bangalore town?
Who wrote the song Bali Bali raa bali?
How many countries are there in Europe?
How many assembly contituencies are there in Guntur district in 2018?
How many wildlife protection Centres are there in South Africa?
Who directed the movie Raajneethi?
Who is the producer for Chinarayudu movie?
Who introduced Arogrya Sri scheme for the first time?
Where is world beauty contest held in 2019?
Which is the highest entrance exam in India?
What is the literacy rate of Chodayapalem in 2011?
As of 2000, which is the most populous country in Egypt?
As of 2018, how many aqua industries are there in West Godavari district?
Who is the CEO of The Walt Disney in 2019?
Which is the largest dam in Krishna district?
How many government schools are there in Nuziveedu mandal?
What is the Tamil word for tree bark?
Which is the first primary school built in Peddaraveedu mandal?
What is number of womenn in Nalgonda village as of 2001?
What is the first movie that Latha Mangeshkar acted?
Which country produced largest amount of wheat in 2018?
What is the English word for chebulic myrobalan?
As of 2017, how many government schools are there in Nandigam mandal?
How many types of anti-oxydants are there?
When was the first railway station started in Amritsar district?
What is percentage of Hindu population in India as of 2019 census?
How many countries are there in United Arab Emirates?
When was the movie Brand Babu released?
Approximately how many types of ants exist?
Kollam district is on which sea coastal area?
Who is the mother of the Govindayya santhanam Onkarayya?
Which is the largest district in Kerala state?
Which Indian state produced highest amount of paddy in 2018?
What is the vehicle registration code for Jagityala?
How many thermal power plants are there in Khammam district in 2018?
How many branches of Godavari join the ocean?
What is the pin code of Rangareddy district?
Which district is in the west of Sri Potti Sriramulu Nellore district?
What is the biggest city in Philippines?
What is the smallest insect among the insects?
What is the density of polethene?
When was the first government school established in Satna town?
What is the area of Visakhapatnam city?
What is the first English movie of Divya Datta?
Which is the biggest church in United States?
What is the scientific name of kingfisher bird?
When was Leman Brothers company established?
Who is the president of Denmark in 2015?
Who is the father of K. Vasant Kumar?
How many Sri Lakshmi Narasimhaswamy temples are there in Telangana in 2017? How many Sri Lakshmi Narasimhaswamy temples are there in Telangana in 2018?
Who is the producer for Vade Veedu movie?
What is the literacy rate of Veeraghattam mandal in 2017?
Which is the first mobile tower built in Pamarru mandal?
What is the population Pedagaadelavarru in 2014?
What is the duration of the movie Na Bangaru Thalli?
Where is Telugu University located?
What is the height of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi?
Which tool can measure the temperature?
Which Indian state recorded the highest temperature in 2012?
Haddbhangi village comes under which legislative constituency?
How many test matches did Sachin Tendulkar play in his career?
What is the another name of Vijayawada?
How many primary health care Centres are there in Kotabommali mandal?
Who is the lead actor in Jayabheri movie?
What is the use of a sub marine?
When was the first mobile tower was started in Gudur mandal?
What is number of water tanks in Kauthalam mandal?
How many states are there in the Indian subcontinent in 2010?
Who was the first vice chancellor in Andhra University?
Which is the first bank that started credit cards in India?
Which district exists in the east of Etooru village?
Which TV channel telecasted the first ad in India?
Who was the chief minister of Manipur in 2010?
When was Merailbone cricket club established?
Who is the collector for Warangal district in 2018?
What is number of villages in Jagityala mandal?
Which is the first bank started in Komarada mandal?
How do the plants prepare food for themselves?
How many types of mud is available?
Where is the History Channel's head office located?
What is the duration of the movie Sakthi?
As of 2009, how many water tanks are there in Nuziveedu mandal?
When was the American airlines Inc established?
What is the area of Himachal Pradesh state?
When did firing happen on tupac shakur?
Who is the revenue officer for Adoni mandal in 2016?
What is the name of the international airport located in Krishna district?
Which organism lives the shortest life on the planet?
How many national highways are there in Chittoor district?
Who is the chief minister of Andhra Pradesh?
Who is the producer for Santhanam movie?
Which god is being worshiped in Dwaraka Tirumala temple?
As of 2016, how many international cricket stadiums are there in Visakhapatnam district?
Who made the first tubeless tyre?
Who is the writer of Joker movie?
When was the first nail hole made in Judumooru village?
What is the height of Yogi Adityanath?
How many people were using Ubuntu in 2018?
Which is the largest city in Telangana state?
As of 2018, how many big scale industries were there in the Sri City in Sullurpeta mandal?
Who is the first movie director?
What is the capital of Bihar?
How many nawabs built Golconda?
How many government schools are there in Prattipadu mandal?
In which year has Dr. P. Venugopal did the first heart implantation surgery?
How many protiens are there in one gram of oil?
What is the area of Chromepet Railway Station?
Who is the collector for Kurnool district in 2004?
What is the area of Ukraine?
Which district is in the west of West Godavari district?
Which organism travelled first time in an aritificial satellite?
What is the number of houses exist in Gangivalasa village in 2016?
Which is the first bank established in East Godavari district?
As of 2011, how many government schools are there in Venkatagiri mandal?
What is the birthplace of D.Y.Sampath Kumar?
Which mandal in East Godavari has the highest number of villages?
Which court has released section 377?
Until 2016, in which year did the sugar prices hike the most?
When was the building for sub registrar office in Tuni built?
How many year did Plato live?
Who is the collector of West Godavari in 2010?
Where was Aadi Sankaracharya born?
Who was the president of Prajarajyam Party?
Who is the collector for Chittoor district in 2018?
What is the Tamil word for mathematics?
What is the area of Cheerala town?
What is the first movie that Robert D Neero produced?
Who is the mother of Pierre De Ferma?
Who is the producer for Piya Kha Ghar movie?
Who designed Chrome web browser?
When was Newsweek organization established?
When was the movie Ramayanam released?
Which is the most ancient Hindu temple in Warangal town?
Who are the parents of C.V.Subbanna?
As of 2018, how many government hospitals are there in Narayanapeta district?
What is the entry point for Tungabhadra river in Telangana state?
What is the Tamil word for spring?
Who is the lead actor in Krishna movie?
How many villages exist in the neighborhood of Savidimamidi village?
How many assembly constituencies are there in Viskhapatnam district in 2019?
Which Indian president approved human rights in the country?
How many years are equal to one century?
Who is the wife of the Lord Shiva in Hindu religion?
How many types of cancers are identified?
Who invented the computer?
Who designed Pakistan's national flag?
How many movies did Suryakantham act?
When was the first engineering college started in Prakasam district?
What is the another name of Cuddapah district?
How many waterfalls are there in Telangana state?
How many cinema studios are there in Andhra Pradesh in 2018?
How many towns are there in Amritsar district?
Who is the first sarpanch of Karikadu village?
How many Kelvins are equal to one Celsius?
What is the population of Peddapuram town in 2003?
Who is the prime minister of India in 2017?
What is the birthplace of Sarada Devi?
How many districts are there across Andhra Pradesh in 2017?
Which vitamin can be found in fiber?
What is the place of Europe in the list of continents by the area?
Which country produced the highest amount of rose oil in 2017?
Which region in Indian recorded the highest temperature in 2015?
Which is the first primary school built in Suryapeta district?
Which is the highest place in Kurnool district?
Which tool can be used to see the astronomical things?
Who is the revenue officer for Amaravathi mandal in 2016?
Who is the lead actor in 24 movie?
What is the release date of Tarzan movie?
What is number of water tanks in Chittoor district?
What is the birthplace of Asin?
When was the first bank in Visakhapatnam district built?
Where is the ISRO's head office located?
How many atoms can a nitric acid contain?
What is the age of Ram Gopal Varma in 2001?
What is the number of women in Settipalli village in 2008?
Which is the largest constituency in East Godavari district in 2018?
What is famous crop in Guntur district?
Which mandal exists in the east of Arakuloya mandal?
What is the birthplace of Kandimallayapalle Eswaramma?
Which Russian president visited India more number of times?
What is the height of Banlijeppalli Lakshmikantam?
How far the Indigo's first international flight travelled?
Where is the British museum located?
Which party formed the first government in Telangana?
Who created Oxford dictionary?
Who introduced barter system?
How many industries are there in Sangli district?
Who is the lead actor in Nenorakam movie?
What is the area of the country France?
How many airports are there across East Godavari in 2017?
How many transactions were completed by Stated Bank of India in 2018?
Who is the prime minister of Egypt in 2019?
In how many theatres do the Telugu movie Jeevitha Nauka released?
How many members were there in Avenged Seven Folked Rock musical band in the beginning?
As of 2010, how many government schools are there in Poduru mandal?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Yerravaripalem mandal?
Who is the lead actor in Maharshi movie?
When was the first hospital started in Kurichedu mandal?
What is the currency of Poland?
Who directed the movie Swaram?
How many districts are there in Maharashtra?
Which is the most ancient tree in Canada?
What is the annual income of Microsoft in 2011?
What is the gravitational force of the Earth?
What is the birthplace of Vakkalanka Veerabhadrakavi?
What is the full name of R.T. Puram village?
How many steel industries are there in Andhra Pradesh in 2010?
Which is the famous Ayyappa temple in the state Kerala?
Which is the first company that introduced the mobile phones?
When has Singireddy Narayanareddy written Viswambhara?
Who is the revenue officer for Kondapavuluru mandal in 2018?
What is the length of the national highway between Guntur - Vijayawada?
When was the movie Puli released?
How many national parties are there in India?
Who is the mother of Vamsi Krishna Reddy?
What is the English word for shop?
Who directed the movie Aathma?
Which is the tallest clock tower?
Which is the first primary school built in Vijayanagaram district?
Who is the last king of Kakatiya dynasty?
What is the area of Illendu town?
Which is the biggest river in Sri Potti Sriramulu Nellore district?
What was the former name of Hyderabad?
When was the Telugu movie Rangu released?
What is the birthplace of Nannaya?
Who directed the movie Kanam?
what is the term of office of the chief election commissioner?
What is the main occupation of the people of Chittoor district?
Who is the defense minister of India in 2011?
Who is Patrayani Sangeetharao's wife?
How many water tanks are there in Korisapadu mandal?
Who is the collector for Guntur district in 2017?
How many children does Ibrahim Kutub Sha have?
What is the height of the Eiffle tower?
Which is the first bank started in Hukumpeta mandal?
When were the panchayat elections held in Telangana in 2015?
What is the home state of Puttaparti Srinivasachari?
Where was Titanic drowned?
Where is the largest coffee industry located in India?
What is the smallest insect on the Earth?
When was the movie Siva released?
Which is the first primary hospital built in Iragavaram mandal?
Where is the largest sea port located in India?
When was the movie Kalidasu released for the first time?
What is the area of Srikalahasti town?
When was the Ontimitta Kodanda Rama temple built?
As of 2018, how many government schools are there in Krishna district?
Who directed the movie Burrakatha?
What is the area of Minneapolis town?
What is the first Telugu movie with Hip Hop Aadi as it's music director?
What is the occupation of Subhada Chiplunkar?
As of 2018, how many engineering colleges are there in East Godavari in 2018?
Which is the biggest village panchayat in Munchangiputtu mandal?
How many historical constructions are there in Hyderabad?
What is the pen name of SriSri?
How many water tanks are there in Sanjamala mandal?
How many are the human rights?
Who is the music director for the movie Tholiprema 2018?
Who directed the movie A tale of two sisters?
Who is the first prime minister of Lebanon?
When was the movie Purnachitram released?
What is very famous in Kanumooru village?
When was Nokia company established?
Who invented computer?
What is the height of Taj Mahal in feet?
Which is the longest river in India?
Who invented bleach?
What are the glands in a human body?
When was Toyota organization established?
How many eyes does the Lord Shiva have?
What is the area of Anantapuram town?
Who directed the movie Kottajanta?
When was the movie Gangotri released?
According the Telugu culture, new year starts with which festival?
Which bird kingdom does the partridge belong?
When was Narendra Modi born?
When was Sadhuguru born?
How many water tanks are there in Veeraghattam mandal?
What is the duration of the movie Marle and Me?
Which mandal exists in the east of Kambadooru mandal?
What is the full name of TRS?
What is the currency of the African country?
What is the color of black hole?
As per the periodic table, aluminum belongs to which group?
When was the Biocon Limited started?
How many comedy movies released in Telugu in 2014?
What is the number of Greek speaking people across the globe in 2010?
What is the area of Jawaharlal Nehru University?
Who's first the chief minister of Andhra Pradesh?
What is the first serial written by Alan Baal?
When was All India Radio started?
When is Telangana language day celebrated?
What is the birthplace of Saraswati river?
What is age of Akkineni Samantha in 2018?
What is the area of Kurnool town?
How many movies were made in 1979?
What is the number of post offices available in Bucheyyapeta mandal?
What is the nationality of Archimedes?
Where is the biggest railway station in India in 2015 located?
Which substance turns leaves green?
How many districts are there in Telangana state in 2015?
How many chapters are there in Ramayana?
As of 2018, how many international airports are there in West Godavari district?
What is the number of members in Telugudesam Party until 2017?
Where is the first government medical college built in Ungutooru mandal?
Who directed the movie Yantra?
How many seats has Telugudesam party won in 2015 Andhra Pradesh elections?
Who is the first women in the world to become the chief minister?
Where is the first NTR Health University located in Andhra Pradesh?
How many centers are there in Samarlakota mandal?
According to the 2011 census, what is the population of Ajnala taluk?
When was Seshendra Varma born?
What is the population of Newada in 2015?
Who is the lead actor in Nayakudu movie?
Which is the award that Dasharathi Rangacharyulu received for the novel Chillara Devullu?
Where was the largest church opened in Medikonduru mandal in 2018?
How many resolutions were passed by the Indian parliament in 2017?
Where is the Congress party's head office located?
Where was Mahmood Jahur Khayyam born?
Which mandal in Kurnool district has the highest number of villages?
How many days are there in December?
Which country records highest number of shark attacks?
Which is the first international school built in Amritsar district?
As of 2017, how many government schools are there in Veeraghattam mandal?
As of 2011, how many primary schools are there in Devarapalli mandal?
How many elements are in the F-block of the periodic table?
What is the birthplace of Vendantam Satyanarayana Sharma?
What is the birthplace of Vishwanath Prathap Singh?
What is the duration of the movie Devatha directed by Raghavendra Rao?
Which is the bridge built by Sir Arthur Cotton on the river Godavari?
As of 2018, which is the biggest village in Srilanka?
Where is the largest Shivalingam in India located?
Who discovered helium?
How much wind energy is produced by India in 2018?
How many stories are there in Basava puranam?
When was Bharata Ratna announced for Rajendra Prasad?
Who directed the movie Taram Marindi?
When was Stephnee Mayor born?
Where is the fist hospital for mentally disabled people built in India?
Who is the lead actress in the serial Rakta Sanbandam?
Who is the revenue officer for Nallajarla mandal in 2016?
What is the Punjabi word for cooking?
Which organism eats more sugar?
As of 2018, how many aqua industries are there in West Godavari district?
When has C. Vidyasagar Rao joined BJP?
Who is the first sarpanch of Kanbamvaripalle village?
Who's the chief minister of Himachal Pradesh in 2015?
How many times Olympics were conducted in China until 2018?
As of 2012, how many water tanks are there in Bantakotturu village?
Who is Kakatiya Prathaparudra's father?
How many children does Chandrababu Naidu have?
How many colors are there in a Olympics symbol?
Which is most populous village in Mupkaal mandal in 2010?
Which is the first that proposed creating WHO?
Siripuram village comes under which assembly constituency?
Greenwich is in which state?
According to the 2011 census, what is the population of India?
Who invented the computer?
Who directed the movie Vade Veedu?
As of 2016, how many water tanks are there in Visakhapatnam district?
What is the area of Rajasthan state?
When was 2000 rupees note released in India?
Who has written the Maha Bharat?
What is the vehicle registration code for Kurnool?
Which is the first primary school built in Pedapadu mandal?
As of 2018, how many government schools are there in Lingapalem mandal?
Who is the lead actor in Criminal movie?
What is the retirement age of government employees in Andhra Pradesh in 2018?
Which gas can stop fire?
What is the official name of the festival Ugadi?
When did Telangana split from Andhra Pradesh?
When was the movie Annavaram released?
Who introduced the scheme Indiramma Illu?
Who is the first sarpanch of Bhagirathapuram village?
How many wives Lord Venkateswara has?
What is the length of the largest nerve in the human body?
Who is the producer of the movie Amma Nanna O Tamil Ammai?
Which tool can be used to see the astronomical things?
Which is most populous village in Alamooru mandal in 2016?
What is the daily energy generation capacity of Nagarjuna Sagar Project?
How many engineering colleges are there in Visakhapatnam district in 2016?
Which player scored highest number of goals in FIFA men's world cup in 2018?
Who is the revenue officer for Cheedikada mandal in 2011?
What is the revenue of Tirupati temple per day?
When has Dhanraj Pillai received Padma Shree award?
What is the capital of Singapore?
How many novels has Tipuraneni Gopichand written?
How many white tigers are there in India in 2017?
How many plays has Kalidasu written?
Where is the first government hospital built in Pakala mandal?
Which vegetable has more iron?
What is the area of Disney land park?
What is the another name of Gandhi?
When was Crooger national park established?
Which the most scientifically advanced country in the world in 2018?
Which mandal exists in the east of Sitampeta mandal?
How many gases are there in a periodic table?
Who established the Kakatiya dynasty?
At what point can water turn into solid state?
Who is Sri Ramana Maharshi's brother?
What is the short form of LAN?
How many acres of forest land is there in Uravakonda mandal?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Guntur district?
Who is the collector for East Godavari district in 2015?
As of 2007, what is the number of women in Venkataramarajupuram village?
Who is the lead actor in Swagatham movie?
As of 2018, how many junior colleges are there in Munchamgiputtu mandal?
How many large scale industries are there in Visakhapatnam district in 2017?
As of 2010, how many government schools are there in Peddapuram mandal?
How many countries are there in North America?
How many countries in the world play cricket?
What is the highest recorded temperature in Gudipoodi in 2010?
When was the movie Vishnu released?
When has Sir Alexander Fleming received the Noble Prize?
Anantagiri mountains
How many wives Lord Venkateswara has?
What is the population of Tenali in 2006?
Who invented laptop?
Which district exists is in the west of West Godavari district?
A Aa movie is based on which novel?
How many types of hormones are there?
Where is the famous Lord Venkateswara Swami temple located?
Who was the governor of Gujarat in 2018?
Who is Lord Shiva's wife?
How many movies released in Telugu in 1952?
What is the area of Trisur town?
What is the color of coal?
How many acres of forest land is there in Visakhapatnam district?
Who is the collector for Mahboob Nagar district in 2010?
Who is the cinematographer for the movie Adavi Yodhudu?
Who is the first prime minister of Sweden?
What is the Tamil word for plan?
Which district is in the west of Sri Potti Sriramulu Nellore district?
When was Newsweek organization established?
What is the average weight of dolphins?
How many children does Prithviraj Chauhan have?
Terminalia Billerica belongs to which family of plants?
Who directed the movie Bobbili?
What is the capital of The Federation of Saint Kits and Nevis?
What is the state animal of Bihar?
What is the area of Madras city?
Which scientist researched that the plants do have life?
In which year did India introduced first metro rail?
How many acres of forest land is available in Andhra Pradesh?
What is the area of Ireland?
How many water tanks are there in Rambilli mandal?
What is the maximum does agni missile can travel?
Who worked for photography for Maharshi movie?
Who directed the movie Aditya 369?
Which is the highest mountain in Himalayas?
How many primary health care centers are there in Katrenikona mandal?
When was Dr. Cano Jegoro born?
Which is the first instant messaging app?
How many millimeters do one centimeter has?
As of 2012, what is the biggest construction in Bhimavaram town?
What is the area of Vijayanagaram town?
How many railway stations are there in Nakkapalli district?
Who's the cinematographer for Sakti movie?
Who is the collector for Kurnool district in 2000?
Which gas is largely available in the gobar gas?
Which is the largely populated country in the world?
What is the highest recorded temperature in Rome city?
What is the highly produced oil in India?
How many universities were there in Kerala state until 2010?
As of 2018, how many engineering colleges are there in India?
How many Sri Lakshmi Narasimhaswamy temples are there in Telangana in 2017? How many Sri Lakshmi Narasimhaswamy temples are there in Telangana in 2018?
What is the English word for movie?
What is the area of Jaggayyapeta town?
Who is the sarpanch of East Palagiri in 2011?
Which is the largest beach in Chennai?
When was the child labor prevention act passed in India?
How many students does Ekalavya has?
What is the capacity of Lancashire boiler?
Who started Salt Satyagraha?
Where is Amritsar district located?
Where is the fist hospital for mentally disabled people built in India?
What is the area of San Matiyo city?
What is the area of Hyderabad?
What is the population of Nayakallu in 2015?
Which is the first engineering college in Visakhapatnam district?
Which is the first primary hospital built in G. Konduru mandal?
Which is most populous village in Pullampeta mandal in 2010?
When was the basketball game invented?
Who is the CEO of Facebook in 2015?
How many railway junctions are there in Samarlakota mandal?
Who is the first prime minister of Mexico?
As of 2013, how many government schools are there in Amritsar mandal?
How many plastic factories are there in India?
Who is the last that ruled in Warangal?
Who is the CEO of Microsoft Corporation?
Which is the bridge built by Sir Arthur Cotton on the river Godavari?
How many primary health care centers are there in Tiruchirapalli?
Who directed the movie Agniparvatham?
Who is the brother of Uttara Kumara?
Who is the lead actress in Yevade Subramanyam?
When was the automatic fire alarm invented?
What is the number of women in Tripuraram village as of 2001 census?
What is the first newspaper?
Which tool can measure the heat?
As of 2010, how many government schools are there in Kovuru mandal?
What is the scientific name of strawberry?
When was the first government school established in Golungonda mandal?
When was the movie Atmakatha released?
How many universities were there in Hyderabad in 2016?
How many divisions are there in 10th standard social sciences?
Which movie received the best movie Oscar award in 2018?
Where is the biggest Hindu temple in India located in 2018?
What do we call the germs that can cause malaria?
Which is the economically backward country?
What is the area of Mozambic?
Who created Snowman?
Which system elects government by the people, for the people, to the people?
How many post offices are there in Dornala in 2017?
How many government schools are there in Kozikode district?
According to the 2011 census, what is the population of India?
When was Samati Rao born?
Who acted as the mother of Ram Charan in the movie Yevadu?
What is the population of Bhadradri Kottagudem in 2015?
How many wives Lord Venkateswara has?
What is the birthplace of Aale Narendra?
What is the price of cashew nuts in Hyderabad in 2012?
What is the state bird for Gujarat?
How many municipalities were there in East Godavari district in 2018?
When was Giyasuddeen Tuglaq born?
What is the population of Nuziveedu in 2010?
What is the German word for watch?
As of 2011, how many government colleges are there in Kakinada?
Which is the first Indian bank that introduced internet banking?
Who directed the movie Nrutyam?
What is the scientific name of a wild date tree?
Who's the mother of Maharaja Savai Jaisingh?
What is the number of literate women in Nidumukkala village as of 2011 census?
What is the age of Rohit Sharma in 2017?
What is the population of Guntakallu in 2011?
What is the area of Howra city?
Which country in the world shares it's borders with highest number of countries?
Which state produces more turmeric sticks?
How many airports are there in Krishna district?
How many letters are there in Persian?
How many mobiles has Nokia produced in 2006?
How many revenue divisions are there in Rauthulapudi mandal?
Which is the biggest temple in Krishna district that has the highest income?
According to the census of 2011 in India, what is the population of Maharashtra state?
What is the population of Kuntla village in 2014?
What is the daily energy generation capacity of Nagarjuna Sagar dam?
What is the lifetime of a coconut tree?
According to the census of 2011, what is the population of Jangareddygudem mandal?
How do the plants prepare food for themselves?
Which is the first scheduled caste identified by Andhra Pradesh?
Who is the first person from Chittoor to become the chief minister?
Which is the largest river in India?
Which is the first primary school built in Inavolu mandal?
Who is the music director for the movie Vichitra Vivaham?
Where is the first government hospital built in Pakala mandal?
How many types of motor nervous diseases are there?
Who is the mother of Jackie Chan?
How many mandals are there in Bikaner district in 2012?
Who is the lead actress in Sakti movie?
Who is the producer for Chatrapati movie?
What is the population of Parlaakimidi in 2012?
Which country recorded highest number of cancel cases in 2014?
Who's first the chief minister of West Bengal?
How many movies have Sridevi and Chiranjeevi acted together?
What is the number of mobile users in the world until 2018?
What is the density of sucrose?
When was the largest shopping mall of Visakhapatnam opened?
As of 2009, what is the biggest construction in America?
Who is the producer for Ongole Gitta movie?
Who is the last king that ruled the Bobbili kingdom?
Who invented butterfly valve?
Where is the first engineering college located in Srikakulam?
How many water tanks are there in Putalapattu mandal?
Who is the first person to build Sangameswara Swamy temple?
Where is the biggest national park in Armenia located?
What is the first movie that Edwin Thomas acted?
Where is the largest park in Telangana state located?
What is the national language of Haryana?
Where is the YSR's grave located?
What is the length of Indian ocean's coastal area?
Who is the collector for Krishna district in 2005?
What is the population of Dallas city in 2018?
What is the area of Martanda temple?
What is the area of Thakkellapadu?
Which is the most famous Telugu movie in 2018?
What is the place of Anantapur in the list of the largest districts?
How many states are implementing Rajiv Aroga Sri?
Arizon state comes under which continent?
What was the name of Visakhapatnam during the British rule?
When was the pure drinking water scheme started in Nimmanapalle mandal?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Guntur district?
What is the literacy rate of Visakhapatnam district in 2015?
What is the number of employees in PepsiCo in 2015?
What is the color of Lord Shiva's neck?
What is the scientific name of tulsi?
What is the first Hindi movie that Konidela Chiranjeevi acted?
Which is the largest oil industry in India?
How many types of image sensors are available?
Which is the largest mountain in the Aisan continent?
How many primary schools are there in Alamooru mandal?
As of 2018, how many Hindu temples are there in Pitapuram village?
How many religions are there in India?
When has Tippu Sultan built the first church?
How many natural disasters occurred in China in 2017?
Who's first the chief minister of Andhra Pradesh after the state bifurcation?
What is the frequency of radio waves?
In which year was the Indian flag designed?
What is the length of the Bay of Bengal?
How many deserts are there in Dubai?
Who is the revenue officer for Eluru mandal in 2010?
Which is the first primary school built in Jalumuru mandal?
What is the area of Mangalagiri town?
As of 2004, how many government schools are there in Ellanuru mandal?
How many ancient Hindu temples are there in Krishna district?
Africa comes under which continent?
Who is the music director of the movie Sankranti?
When was the Communist Party of India established?
Who is the lead actor in Megham movie?
When was the Armenian State University of Economics established?
What is the state bird of Uttar Pradesh?
Who is the first prime minister of England?
What is the largely imported item from China to India in 2012?
How many meat elements can be found in one kilo of red gram?
Who are the parents of Kondapalli Sheshagiri?
Who received the Dadasaheb Phalke award in 2017?
As of 2007, how many national highways were there in Adilabad district?
Which is the largest river in Austria?
Who is the producer for Premakathachitram movie?
How many islands are there in the Indian ocean?
What is the height of the Chaparaayi waterfall in Arakuloya mandal?
How many countries are sharing their borders with China?
Which departments certifies the quality of the items?
Krishna Pushkaralu occurs once in how many years?
When was the movie Maharshi released?
Where is the most ancient Hindu temple in India in 2018 located?
Which party won the most seats in East Godavari in 2019 loksabha elections?
When has Telangana government started the Rajadhani buses?
Where is East Godavari district's head office located?
How many types is pollution?
How many muscles does a human body consist?
Which is the biggest district in Vijayanagaram district?
Who is the 7th prime minister of America?
How many banks are there in Rajavommangi in 2017?
What is the highest recorded temperature in the tropical region?
Which is the largest ship built by human beings by 2018?
How many water tanks are there in Obuladevaracheruvu mandal?
Who directed the movie Global Metal?
How many dams were built on Krishna river by 2018?
What is the population of Bhuvanagiri city in 2014?
Where is the largest Sri Lakshmi Narasimhaswamy temple in Telangana state located?
How many rivers are there in Rajanna Siricilla district?
Who invented the first electronic machine?
Who is the producer for Oke Okkadu movie?
How many movies has Jessica Claire Beal acted in until 2007?
How many adrenal glands are there?
Which is the smallest river in Andhra Pradesh?
What is the birthplace of Ayyanki Venkata Chalapatirao?
How many railway stations are there in Gudur mandal in 2016?
How many post offices are there in Kavali in 2016?
Which company introduced the first i7 processer computer?
When did the first tsunami occur?
How many primary hospitals are there are in Kambham mandal in 2018?
When was the first hospital built in Bapatla mandal?
When has the Virat novel been written?
How many scheduled castes are there in Ghad Chiroli district in 2011?
What was the total rainfall recorded in Parnapalle in 2011?
Who's the chief minister of West Bengal in 2018?
Which village in Chintapalli mandal has the biggest water tank?
How many people involved in burning the Godra train?
What is the number of women in Akkivaram village as of 2001?
What is the number of women in Haryana village as of 1991 census?
How many cloth industries are there across Andhra Pradesh in 2015?
How many rivers flow across Andhra Pradesh?
When has the 2019 budget session been conducted?
What is the number of literate men in Dachepalli in 2011?
When was the movie Paarsramika Viplavam released?
When has Sri Krishnadevaraya written the Amuktamalyada book?
How many lakes are there in Nainital?
What is the area of Tambaram Railway Station?
What is the name of S.P. Bala Subramaniam's wife?
As of 2018, how many international airports are there in Guntur district?
What is the state bird of Uttar Pradesh?
Who is the husband of Viditha?
Which is the first primary school built in A. Konduru mandal?
How many years has Kalekuri Prasad worked in Virasam?
How many songs has Bruise Fredrick Joseph Springsteen sung until 2009?
Who is the father that brought up the Lord Sri Krishna?
What are the units for temperature?
How many cyclones crossed the Visakhapatnam coastal area in 2018?
What is the famous construction in Agra?
What is the pin code of Hyderabad?
How many revenue mandals are there in West Godavari district?
When was the first Indo-Pak agreement signed?
How many kilometers are equal to one mile?
What is the literacy rate of Karimnagar mandal in 2016?
What is the lifetime of dinosaurs?
Who is the defense minister of India in 2018?
Who is the collector for Chittoor district in 2007?
Which country produced highest amount of goods in 2015?
What is the first novel of Uppala Lakshmanarao?
What is the literacy rate of Sampatpuram mandal in 2017?
Where was the first leprosy case found in India?
What is the first movie that Jr. NTR acted?
In which year did Saeed Anwar entered into international test cricket?
How many Tamil movies are dubbed into Telugu by 2011?
What is the number of female voters in Gandipeta village as of 2011?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Kurnool district?
What is the length of the Krishna river?
Who directed the movie The Bucket List?
What is the largest bone in the human body?
What is the length of the Moosi river in Hyderabad?
How many parliament seats were there in Krishna district in 2016?
When has Kuriyan Joseph taken charge as the chief justice of the supreme court?
What is the area of Cheerala town?
Which is the biggest fire accident in India in 2019?
How many movie theatres are there in Tuggali in 2018?
How many rivers are there in Andhra Pradesh in 2007?
When was Anna Karenena novel published?
As of 2009, what is the biggest construction in Rajahmundry town?
As of 2007, how many trees are there in India that can give average number of fruits?
As of 2009, what is the biggest construction in Pullalacheruvu?
What is the area of Aakiveedu center?
Which tool can measure the virus?
How many universities are there in the Pudukottai district?
What is the birthplace of Rachamallu Ramachandrareddy die?
Where did Potti Sriramulu start the hunger strike?
How many states do Ganga cross in India?
How many nerves pump blood to the brain?
When is the Telangana formation day celebrated?
What is the area of Charminar?
Which is the first dam built on Godavari river?
What is the vehicle of the Lord Maha Vishnu?
What is the length of London bridge?
Who worked as the municipal commissioner of Rajampeta in 2019?
Who is the father of Indira Gandhi?
When was the Assam mail train started?
What is the area of Boudh town?
What is the currency of the country Argentina?
What is the area of Mandi town?
Who is the mother of Hercules?
Where is the first government school in Ukhrul district located?
What is the scientific name of olic acid?
What is the full name of lord Karjan?
When is the independence day of Pakistan celebrated?
How many mountains are there in Europe?
According to the census of 1991, what is the population of Jaggayyapeta?
Where is the Bhagavata Mela drama performed for the first time?
Who is the first sarpanch of Chintalacheruvu village?
What is the birthplace of Pupul Jayakar?
As of 2015, how many government schools are there in Kamavarapukota mandal?
When was the first government hospital started in Srikakulam district?
Who is the first female prime minister of India?
How many women have received Gnanpeet award until 2018?
Who designed the first program for a computer?
Who is the finance minister for Telangana in 2018?
Who are the parents of Kalyampudi Radhakrishnarao?
Who is the producer for Raghavendra movie?
Who directed the movie Jwalamukhi?
Which is the largest Hindu temple in Yadadri Bhuvanagiri district?
What is the census location code of Akkupalli village?
What is the birthplace of Stephen Spielberg?
What is the last movie that Jandyala directed?
When was the first government school established in Ramakuppam mandal?
What is the number of Yajurveda in Hindu sequence?
What is the first movie of J.D. Chakravarthy?
Who are the parents Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi?
What is the percentage of Muslims in India in 2018?
Who is the collector for Amritsar district in 2011?
What is the standard atomic weight of silicone?
When was the Bhakti Channel started?
As of 2011, how many primary schools are there in A. Konduru mandal?
How many sections are there in a human brain?
Where is the ball check valve largely used?
What is the birthplace of Ganjivarapu Srinivas?
What is the scientific name of paddy?
Which tool can measure the temperature?
In which direction that Sri Potti Sriramulu Nellore district is located for Bay of Bengal?
How many banks are there in Tuni mandal in 2000?
When is the Tamilnadu formation day?
What is the average weight of a banana cluster?
As of 2010, how many government schools are there in Patasundrapalem mandal?
When was the first time the Panama canal used?
What is the name of Lord Venkateswara's wife?
Who stated Satish Davan Space Research organization?
As of 2015, how many vegetables are available in Nalgonda district?
What is the height of Harrison Ford?
Who is the lead actress in Idi Katha Kaadu movie?
How many airports were there in Telangana state in 2018?
What is the smallest village in Pedabayalu mandal in area?
Which is the largest tree in Trinidad And Tobago?
Who is the producer for Rangasthalam movie?
What is the first book by Vinayaka Krishna Gokak?
What is the area of Macherla town?
What is the area of England in 2001?
Which is the tallest church in Chennai?
Which is the most populous country in the world?
What is the birth state of Puchalapalli Sundarayya?
What is the lifetime of an elephant?
What is the birthplace of Kodavatiganti Kutumbarao?
As of 2010, how many government schools are there in Podili mandal?
Who is the first Nizam king to rule the Telangana?
Which is the largest mandal in the Karimnagar district?
Who is the collector for Prakasam district in 2016?
Who is the farther of mathematics?
Which country produced large amount of turmeric in 2018?
When was Andhra Pradesh human resources protection commission established?
What is the length of the Yellow river?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Sankarampeta mandal?
When was Sri Konapati Krishnamma born?
What is the temperature needed for sapodilla plants?
How many universities are there in Andhra Pradesh in 2019?
What is the literacy rate of Buchinaidu Khandriga mandal in 2017?
Where is the first cement factory in India is located?
What is the pin code of Chromepet town?
How many main highways are there in West Godavari district in 2018?
What is the another name of Rajamahendravaram?
How many children does Drutarashtra have?
How many types is fat?
How many rivers are there in Visakhapatnam district?
How many villages exist in the neighborhood of Ginjerti village?
Which mandal exists in the west of Nagayalanka mandal?
How many movies has S.V. Rangarao acted?
Which is the largest river in Brazil?
How many Sundays are there in June?
Chintapalli mandal comes under which revenue division?
When was the Mana Ooru - Mana Pranalika scheme started in Telangana?
What is the birthplace of Homi Jahangeer Baba?
What is the largely imported item from China to India? What is the length of Great Wall of China?
How many government offices are there in Atmakur mandal?
Which Telugu actor has acted in highest number of movies?
What is the last grandslam tournament that Martina Navratilova played?
What is the area of Mylavaram town?
When was Paritala Ravi born?
What is the per capita income of Iran in 2019?
Can you get oxygen from the environment?
Who are the parents of Andress Iniasta Lujan?
How many years has Janmejay lived?
Which is the biggest water tank in Ojili mandal?
Which type of current is used in transformers?
How many states are there in America in 2018?
How many mandals are there in Kurnool district?
How many inflexions are there in Telugu grammar?
What is very famous in Nagaram village?
What is the literacy rate of Nakarikallu mandal in 2011?
When was the movie Siva Rama Raju released?
Who is the last ruler from the Nanda dynasty?
What is the currency of Thailand?
Who is the first women from India to receive Nobel prize?
Who's the chief secretary of the World Bank?
What is the birth country of Naimuddeen?
What is famous crop in Guntur district?
How many waterfalls are there in West Godavari?
Which company produced the movie Rakshana?
How many sea ports are there in Andhra Pradesh until 2018?
What is the birthplace of Ayesha?
What is the largest organ in the human body?
How many types of steam traps are there?
How many days Okkadu movie was shown in Hyderabad?
How many districts are in the neighborhood of Mahbubnagar district?
What is the birthplace of the Sarada river that is in Anakapalli?
People of how many races are living in India by 2014?
What is the area of Machilibandaru?
What is the area of Venezuela?
What is the birthplace of V.G. Siddartha?
How many countries are there in Central Asia?
Who is the revenue officer for Firangipuram mandal in 2016?
How many novels has Bram Stoker written?
Which Indian scientist did graduate from medicine for the first time?
Which Indian state recorded the highest temperature in 2009?
As of 2017, which is the most populous village in Heeramandal?
How many natural sea ports are there in India?
How many books has Viswanatha Satyanarayana written?
How many types of elements are there in periodic table?
How many satellites has Russia sent until 2018?
What is the highest place in Andhra Pradesh?
Which animal is around the neck of the Lord Shiva?
How many states do Krishna cross in India?
Who is the lead actor in Amavasya movie?
Which is the largest lake in Russia?
How many water tanks are there in Amritsar - l taluk?
Who was the first chief minister of Tamilnadu state in 2015?
How many times West Indies won the cricket world cup until 2018?
How many government hospitals are there in South Karnataka district in 2011?
Who is the CEO of Indian Oil Corporation in 2017?
Who wrote the book Maa Pasalapudi Kathalu?
How many years has Prataparudra ruled the Kakatiya dynasty?
What is the duration of the movie Vimala?
What is the national sport of Bangladesh?
Which movie brought the first film fare award to Neha Dhoopia?
What is the length of East Central Railway?
Which is the biggest city in England?
When was the movie Bhumi released?
Which mandal exists in the east of Gangaraju Madugula mandal?
What is the percentage of water available on the Earth in 2011?
Where was the IIT built in Chittoor district?
How many stumps has Dinesh Kartik done in 2018?
How many years has British ruled India?
How many awards did Mersal movie won?
When was the first engineering college started in Kamavarapukota mandal?
Which story won more awards?
What is the height of the Dwarakadeesh Hindu temple?
When was the first government school started in Srikakulam district?
Which is the first primary hospital built in Bokaro district?
Which is the largest Hindu temple in Visakhapatnam district?
Which is the biggest church in Serbia?
What is the wife of Magdhum Mohiyuddin?
Where is the Godavari Institute of Engineering and Technology located in East Godavari?
What is the area of the Asian continent?
When was the British Air Academy established?
How many types of cancer tumors are there?
What is the number of women in Karajada village as of 2002?
Who directed the movie Varna?
When was P. Chidambaram born?
Who is the producer for Chakravarthy movie?
As of 2007, how many government colleges are there in West Godavari district?
Who is the first king of Kakatiya dynasty?
How many coastal towns are there in Visakhapatnam district?
What is the birthplace of Chandrasekhar Sitaram Tiwari?
What is the number of post offices available in Guntur district in 2015?
Who is the revenue officer for Ramachadrapuram mandal in 2016?
What is the state symbol of Andhra Pradesh?
How many rivers are there in Totlavallur mandal?
Who is Rudramadevi's mother?
When has Andhrakesari title been given to Prakasam Panthulu?
Where has the Andhra Pradesh chief conducted the swearing in ceremony in 2019?
What is the length of the Amazon river?
Where was the Salt Satyagraha started by Gandhi?
Who directed the movie Aditya?
Who started the State Bank of India?
What is the area of Tirupur town?
What is the capital of South Sudan?
When was the Haryana state formed?
What is the literacy rate of Bhupalapalli mandal in 2017?
What is the another name for Lord Shiva?
Who directed the movie Bahumati?
What is the frequency of radio waves?
Who received the Nobel prize for literature 2018?
What is the highest place in India?
What is the population of Alipor town in 2011?
As of 2018, how many large scale industries are there in West Godavari district?
When was the Indira Gandhi Zoological park started in Visakhapatnam?
What is the area of Golconda fort?
Which is the first university in Telangana state?
Where is the first government hospital in Ajnala taluk located?
How many government schools are there in YSR district in 2018?
Where is the origin of Sanskrit?
When has S. Sandyarani completed here MBBS?
According to the census of 2018, which is the largest nation in terms of population?
How many rivers are there in South America?
How many Anganwadi Centers are there in Guttikonda village?
Who directed the movie Company?
As of 2018, how many higher schools are there in Mummidivaram mandal?
What is the profession of S. Sandyarani?
Which country used highest amount of mobile data in 2017?
Who is the collector for Sirmour district in 2001?
What is the height of Monica Seles?
What is the formula of energy?
When was the movie Pavitra released?
Which is the first primary school built in Kalidindi mandal?
Who is the collector for East Godavari district in 2018?
When the ration of women for 1000 mein in Andhra Pradesh in 2010?
What is the number of post offices available in Kambham mandal?
What is the number of villages exist in Cherukupalli mandal?
What is the weight Brahmos missile?
What is the rank of Indian football team in 2018?
Who is the director for the movie 28 Degrees Centigrade?
What is the crop time for corns?
Which is the first court built in Nagar Kurnool district?
Which is the smallest bone in human nose?
How many countries are there in African continent?
As of 2018, how many bridges are built on Godavari river in Khammam district?
What is the Tamil word for rope?
Which is the prominent town in East Godavari district?
When was the Piduguralla Railway Station started?
How much of land is under the control forest department in Chittoor district in 2018?
What are the important parts of thermodynamics steam trap?
When was the movie Ananda Nilayam released?
Who was the first finance minister of Telangana state?
Which gas do humans breathe?
Which is the first primary hospital built in Mandapeta mandal?
Which is the largest dam in Krishna district in 2018?
Which is the first bank built in Maredupalli mandal?
When was Poola Ravindar born?
Who directed the movie Pournami?
What is the number of the national highways in Chittoor district?
Who is the revenue officer for Chejarla mandal in 2016?
Which is the first primary hospital built in Kurnool district?
What is the area of Pedabayalu center?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Guntur district?
Who is the first sarpanch of Togarachedu village?
What is the name of the airport located in Krishna district?
Who is the revenue officer for Markapuram mandal in 2016?
What does the red color in American flag represent?
What is number of Godavari in the list of largest rivers?
What is the area of Mandapeta town?
As of 2018, how many large scale industries are there in Nellore?
What is the area of Miryalaguda city?
How many children do Alexis Bledel had?
What is the area of Ichapuram town?
How many days has Vyasa Maharshi taken to write Maha Bharat?
Where is the largest Hindu temple in Tamilnadu located?
Which is the longest fish?
How many players can play in Call Banti?
Which India city has highest ratio of pollution in 2018?
Which is the nearby sea for Ongole?
How many houses are there in Pachinapalli village in 2011?
What is the rank of Visakhapatnam sea port in India?
When was tire client server discovered?
Calcutta is on which sea bank?
What is number of water tanks in Rajupalem mandal?
Which is the first bank started in Chandrakal village?
How many legs does a mosquito have?
How many elements are there in the periodic table?
How many loksabha constituencies are there in Srikakulam district?
What is the first movie that Venkata Narasimhacharyulu acted?
What is the capital of Morocco?
Who is the collector for Visakhapatnam district in 2011?
Which Hindu temple in Maharashtra gets highest revenue?
What is the place of Srikakulam district in the list of largest states of India?
Who is the mother of Akkineni Amala?
How many types of black coal is available?
How many mandals are there in Nagar Kurnool district?
Which is the first government bank built in Anakapalli town?0
What is the highly cultivated crop in Nellimarla mandal?
Which actor received the first Raghupati Venkayya award?
Who is the lead actor in the movie Intlo Illalu Vantintlo Priyuralu?
Banyan tree belongs to which family of plants?
Which scientist found the infrared rays?
What is the length of the Hogenekkal waterfall?
How many internet protocol IP addresses are there
How many types is electricity?
What is the districts are there in India?
Where is the first desalination plant built?
What is the population of Hanuman Junction in 2011?
What is the number of voters in Visakhapatnam town as of 2018?
In which year has the Indian Premier League begin?
In which year was the metro begin in Hyderabad?
What is the birthplace of Diya Mirza?
How many government colleges are there in Kadiri mandal?
What is the English word for belly?
When has Environmental Tribunal Act came into existence in India?
What is the symbol of Janasena party in 2019 general elections?
What is the area of Indian ocean?
Which country consumed high amount of fuel in 2018?
Where do more people speak Greek language?
What is the dilution point of nitrogen?
Who is the last king that ruled the Italy?
What is the height of the Bhakta Kannappa Mountain in Srikalahasti?
As of 2010, how many private schools are there in Ungturu mandal?
Where did Chinua Abebe complete the education?
How many kings ruled the South India before the independence?
Who is the first panchayat raj minister?
Who is the wife of the Lord Shiva in Hindu religion?
What is the birthplace of Yan Martel?
What is the largely cultivated crop in India?
What is the first movie that Rachelle Hanna Veej acted?
How many universities are there in Andhra Pradesh in 2015?
How many sub divisions are there in mathematics?
What is the duration of the movie Temper?
What is the duration of the movie Chennai Express?
How many sub-rivers are there for Godavari river?
How many mandals from Visakhapatnam district were joined to Srikakulam district?
What is the length of Atlantic sea?
In which language did the first movie in the world release?
What is the length of Suez canal?
What is the number of the movie Good Will Hunting in the sequence of the movies directed by Guss Wann Sant?
What are the viewable places in Rome?
As of 2014, how many vegetables are available in India?
What is the height of PSLV C45?
As of 2017, what is the biggest construction in Mangalagiri town?
Where can we find the diamonds largely?
How many colors are there in Drupal symbol?
Which government found the Salihundam Bauddharamam remmants in Srikakulam district?
How many government schools are there in Addanki mandal?
Who is the producer for Nyayam Kosam movie?
What is the rank of Visakhapatnam in the biggest districts of Andhra Pradesh?
In which region had Banjaras lived in India?
When was the Charminar in Hyderabad built?
What is the birthplace of Viditha?
When was electron invented?
Which new element is found in 2000?
How many countries are participated in first world war?
Which Indian navy command has it's center in Visakhapatnam?
What is the number of women in Varakha village as of 2007?
How many districts are in the neighborhood of Ajmeer dirstict?
When was Hercules born?
How many awards has Bruise Fredrick Joseph Springsteen received until 2009?
What is the production cost of the movie Kanche?
Who is the producer for Aame movie?
Which is the biggest fire accident happened in Andhra Pradehs until 2015?
What is the starting day for Vinayaka Chaviti?
As of 2002, what is the biggest construction in Rajanna Siricilla district?
When has India started the meteorological department?
What is the phone code of Pritoria area?
Who directed the movie Rama Rama Krishna Krishna?
When was S. Annapurni born?
Who is the revenue officer for Mummidivaram mandal in 2018?
When was the movie Yantram released?
How many rivers are there in Visakhapatnam district in 2001?
Which is the first industry started in Guntur district?
How many people died in September 11 attacks?
What is the area of Andhra Pradesh achieved by Sri Potti Sriramulu?
What is the area of Devarakonda town?
What is the height of the actress Soundarya?
Which tool can measure the temperature?
Which person did bungee jump from the greatest height?
What is the area of Rome city?
Which god has three legs?
What is the heartbeat rate of a person per minute?
How many movies has Robert De Nero directed until 2000?
Which is the biggest railway station in Krishna district?
Which Indian state recorded the highest temperature in 2009?
What is the number of villages exist in Sangam mandal?
When was Rajendra Prasad born?
What is the height of Tupak Shakur?
How many airlines are there in India?
What is the area of Europe?
Deficiency of which vitamin can cause hyperglycemia?
When were the Kallur village panchayat's firs elections conducted?
What is the duration of the movie Sri Krishna Tulabhaaram?
When was the Indian parliament built?
Which is the biggest bridge in Andhra Pradesh?
How many sea port towns are there in Guntur district?
How many mandals are there in Krishna district?
How much land was in non-agricultural usage in Maalasitakota in 2017?
How many mandals are there in Daman district?
When was the movie Mr. Perfect released?
How many engineering colleges are there in East Godavari?
How many water tanks are there in Vikrampuram village?
Which is the largest airlines in Australia?
How many revenue mandals are there in Visakhapatnam district?
What is the area of Portland city?
How many songs are there in Tirumala Tirupati Venkatesha movie?
Which is the first mobile released in Pakistan?
Who directed the movie Gamyam?
What is the birthplace of Sivakar Bapuji?
What is the number of villages in Boudh district?
What is the duration of the movie Fashion?
What is the number of Narendra Modi in the sequence of Indian prime ministers?
How many children does Pandit Ravisankar have?
When was the movie Chakram released?
Kalla mandal comes under which revenue division?
Which is the crop that Andhra Pradesh largely produces?
Where is the bridge on Godavari located in East Godavari?
Who is the producer for Rangasthalam movie?
Who directed the movie Samudra Putrudu?
Which is the largest ocean in the world?
What is the number of post offices available in Tirumalagiri mandal?
How many banks are there in Tallooru mandal in 2017?
When has Google released the Pay app in the App Store?
What is the official language of Arunachal Pradesh?
As of 2011, how many primary schools are there in Guntur district?
Who is the lead actor in Harry Potter movie?
What is the area of USA?
What is the capacity of O-type boiler?
Who is the producer for Sammohanam movie?
What is the area of Togo?
Who directed the movie Chandrika?
What is the number of women in Gutti Yerragudi village in 2009?
Which government ruled Andhra Pradesh in 1995?
How many wards are there in Sitarampuram village?
Where is the largest Lord Venkateswara Swami temple located in Chittoor?
Who invented internet addressing system?
How many municipalities were there in Guntur district in 2018?
Where is the first hospital built in Amalapuram mandal?
What is the area of the country Mexico?
As of 2012, how many water tanks are there in Paimagham village?
Who is the revenue officer for Tharigoppula mandal in 2016?
What is the chemical formula of Hydrofloric acid?
What is the birthplace of Sri Dokka Anjayya?
What was the highest rainfall recorded in 2017?
How many universities are there in East Godavari in 2017?
How many police stations are there in Muktal mandal?
How many constituencies are there in Amritsar district?
Which is the biggest village in Anantapur district?
When was NASA established?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Pedda Adisarlapalli mandal?
What is the height of Christopher Nicholas Sarantakos?
Who is the producer for Sakthi movie?
According to the census of 2010, which is the largest nation in terms of population?
What is the length of the national highway between Chennai - Vijayawada?
What is the birthplace of the student of Paila?
How many universities are there in the continent Europe?
What is the area Peel district board school in Canada?
What is the weight of human eyes?
When was the movie Santosham released?
Which is the newly formed stated in India?
How many universities are there in Anantapuram in 2018?
When was the Satyaharishchnadra drama played first time in Telugu?
Who directed the movie Tarzan?
How many albums has Robie Williams completed until 2009?
How many government schools are there in Nuziveedu mandal by 2018?
Which is the first mobile tower built in Visakhapatnam?
Until 2017, how many people from Srikakulam became the chief minister of Andhra Pradesh?
What is the birthplace of Lakshmi Parvati?
Which is the first library started in Guntur?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Kakinada mandal?
How many rivers flow across Andhra Pradesh?
When was the first high school built in Tirupur mandal?
Who is the father of Satyavati M Sirsat?
How many states celebrate Moharram?
Which is the first primary school built in South Dinajpur district?
Who proposed Sufiism?
Who is the founder of Visa Incorporated?
How many performances has The Pradije Electrionic Dance Music group has given by 2000?
How many songs has Jonna Noel Blagden Lawvesk sung until 2010?
What is the second movie that Narayanamurthy directed?
Who is the wife of Tripuraneni Ramaswamy?
When was Rajanna Siricilla district formed?
Who is the president of Dominic in 2015?
Who are the parents of Benito Amilcare Andrea Mussolini?
Who directed the movie Maro Charitra?
How many police stations are there in Podili?
Which is the first country that made a cycle?
What is the area of Hampi city?
How many municipalities are there in Prakasam district in 2008?
Who directed the movie Vidya?
How many directions are there?
What is the capital of Sudan?
Who is the revenue officer for Denkada mandal in 2017?
Where was E.V.V. Satyanarayana born?
Who is the first female to receive Nobel Prize in medicine?
Where was the first British camp located?
Who is R.K. Lakshman's wife?
What is number of residential houses in Katrenipadu in 2010?
Where is Amritsar district located?
How many countries are there in South America in 2015?
On an average, people of how many races are living in India by 2012?
When was the Southern Railway Zone formed?
What is the science that deals with the research on blood cells?
Who directed the movie Bommlata?
When has M.S. Narayana received the first film fare award?
What is the census location code of East Ramapuram village?
What is the length of the main highway 216 in West Godavari?
Who is the collector for East Godavari district in 2018?
Which company designed the Gmail?
Who discovered the force of attraction?
What is the chemical formula of sodium chloride?
Which is the smallest city in Japan?
How many principles has Newton proposed?
As of 2010, how many government schools are there in Echcherla mandal?
How many government schools are there in Kurnool district in 2003?
Which is the largely spoken language in the world?
Which district is in the east of West Godavari district?
What is the smallest bone in the human body?
Which is the biggest assembly constituency in YSR district in 2019?
When was the State Bank of India established?
What is the Sanskrit word for animals?
What is the technical name for water?
How many railway zones are there in Indian Railways in 2019?
When was the movie Ramalayam released?
Which is the first country that won in international football?
In century was the hidden treasure found?
Which is most populous mandal in Visakhapatnam district in 2001?
Who proposed atomic theory?
How many districts are there in Telangana state in 2019?
Who is the first Indian to donate eyes?
When was Andhra Women's Forum established?
How many children does Ratan Tata have?
Which is the biggest railway zone in Andhra Pradesh in 2018?
What is the approximate weight of human lungs?
What is very famous in Pakalapadu village?
What is the population of Warangal town in 2001?
How many names does Lord Vianayaka have?
What is the tenure of chief minister in India?
When was the first Srikalahasti Kalankari Hue Industry established?
How many types of terrestrial animals are there?
Where was the first mobile court stated in India?
Which is most populous mandal in Krishna district in 2011?
How many type is pock?
How many oxygen atoms are there in ozone?
How many women engineering colleges are there in Chittoor district by 2018?
How many universities are there in Paris?
How many acres of barren land is there in Amritsar - lI taluk?
When was the movie Yerra Sainyam released?
Who's the chief minister of Himachal Pradesh?
Where was Jack Snider born?
How many main highways are there in West Godavari district?
As per WHO, how many people died of Ebola virus?
United Kingdom comes under which continent?
What is the length of Atlantic ocean's coastal area?
Which is the largest water tank in Prakasam district?
Which is the fastest computer?
Which country used the internet largely in 2002?
What is the length of the Indravati river?
Which mandal exists in the east of Achyutapuram village?
How many people translated the Andhra Maha Bharatam?
Which is most populous mandal in Chittoor district in 2001?
How many rivers flow across Krishna district?
When did Neerukonda Hanumatarao die?
How many countries had feudal system before 1990?
What is the number of post offices available in Konkan district?
When was Palkuriki Somanath born?
How many universities were there in Guntur district?
How many children does Telkapalli Ramachandrasastri have?
Where is the biggest statue of Hanuman statue located in Maharashtra?
When was the Telugu Movie Producers Council started?
How many tropical countries are there?
What is the national bird of Australia?
What is the short form of CBS?
How many water tanks are there in Munchangiputtu mandal?
When did Telangana split from Andhra Pradesh?
How many highways are there in Kottapeta mandal?
As of 2017, how many government schools are there in Suttiguda mandal?
What is the angle of a circle?
As of 2011, how many government hospitals are there in Guntur district?
Which animal is called as a Taurus?
How many perennial rivers are there in Srikakulam district?
When were the Chaitanya Rural Banks started?
Which is the largest park in Telangana state in 2009?
What is the number of villages exist in Nandigama mandal?
What is the name of Chyavana Maharshi's mother?
How many members were there in The Who in the past?
Who invented the computer?
How many districts are there in Telangana state in 2014?
What is the average mass of a human being?
What is the length of the Tungabhadra river?
As of 2018, how many government hospitals are there in Jolar district?
Who was the prime minister of India in 2018?
What is the largest bone in the body?
What is the area of Queensland state?
How many years should we have the primary education?
Who started the environment protection force?
What is the name of Sharukh Khan's mother?
What is the capital of Burma?
Who is Gary Christian's wife?
How many dams are built in Sri Potti Sriramulu Nellore district until 2016?
Pulicat lake is in which district of Andhra Pradesh?
Who made the first violin?
When was Anjali Mukherjee born?
Who got the first place in Tamil literature award in 2012?
Who is the educational officer for Chintapalli mandal in 2017?
Who is the collector of West Godavari in 2001?
Who is the collector for East Godavari district in 2011?
What is the place of Andhra Pradesh in the sequence of the largest states in India?
Who is the director of the Telugu movie Akhil?
How many primary schools are there in Krishna district until 2011?
How many awards did N. Gopi receive in 1982?
Who directed the movie Amma Cheppindi?
What is the height of Charlie Chaplin?
Which is the largest Hindu temple in Khammam district?
Who is the collector for Guntur district in 2007?
When is the Independence Day of India celebrated?
How many government hospitals are there in Chunduru mandal by 2016?
What is the number of female voters in Nallajarla village as of 2011?
What is the time difference between India and America?
What is the full form of the CPU used in computer?
What is the literacy rate of Manila city in 2011?
Who received the Nobel prize for mathematics 2018?
Who is the finance minister of India in 2015?
How many women engineering colleges are there in Krishna district by 2017?
Who are the parents of Sivaputra Siddaramayya Konkalimat?
When was Nokia organization established?
How many children does Vidyasagar Reddy have?
What is the duration of the movie Missamma?
Which country invented the first gas compressor?
What is the number of female voters in Nutanapalle village as of 2000?
Which district is in the east of Srikakulam district?
What is the pin code of Shad nagar town?
What is an element?
Who started the Prajasakti daily newspaper?
How many drinking water lakes are there in India?
Who is the first prime minister of the country Suriname?
What is the electronic structure of a tungsten?
Who invented the first encryption?
What is the liquidification point of sucrose?
What is the molecular weight of helium gas?
Who test's the DNA?
What is the birthplace of the Chilakamarti Lakshminarasimha?
What is the birthplace of Kishore Kumar?
Which is the main vitamin found in goat meat?
Where is the largest airport in West Godavari?
How many movies has James Cameroon directed until 2015?
What per capita of India in 2018?
Which is the tallest mountain of the world?
What is the lifetime of a sword?
When was B.K.Telma born?
Which is the industries are there in East Godavari district?
Who is the collector of West Godavari in 2010?
When was Anantagiri mandal formed?
Who is the MLA of Santanutalapadu in 2018?
Who directed the movie Patala Bhairavi?
Who played the role of The Rama in the movie Ramayanam released in 1996?
How many awards did The Princess Dairies receive?
Which is the first primary school built in Chindugulapadu village?
Who is the daughter of the king Janaka?
Who invented the first camera?
Bhagavadgita belongs to which religion?
Which is the first international school built in Telangana state?
What is the number of Sanskrit speaking people across the globe in 2010?
Who is the lead actress in Rakshana movie?
When is the Iskcon temple built Visakhapatnam?
What is the area of the country Comoros?
How many police stations are there in Karampudi mandal?
Who is the producer for Srungaram movie?
Who is the first Indian musician?
Who built the Golconda fort?
How many children does Uyyalawada Narasimhareddy have?
Which is the first company that introduced the mobile phones?
Who is the first prime minister of Britain?
How many people died in Mumbai attacks?
Which is most populous mandal in Amritsar district in 2000?
What is the area of Markapuram town?
Where is the largest engineering college in Telangana state located?
Which Indian state recorded the highest temperature in 2001?
What is the molecular weight of sulphate?
What is the number of villages exist in Bapatla mandal?
Which is largest city in USA?
What is a liquid?
What is the scientific name of a nutmeg?
How many transport systems are there in India?
What are the dimensions of a cricket stadium?
Which chief minister of Telangana has hoisted the Indian flag in Golconda fort?
How many reservoirs are there in Visakhapatnam district?
Who built the Golconda fort?
What is the area of Minneapolis city?
Which is the biggest water tank in Ayyavaragudem village?
What is the length of Tamilnadu's coastal area?
Where is the largest hospital in Telangana state located?
When was the Puri Jagannath temple opened?
How many liters are equal to one gallon?
How many assembly seats are there in Andhra Pradesh in 2019?
Who designed the vertical cross tube boiler?
Who is the father of Dhulipalla Sitarama Sastri?
How many movies came under the music direction of A. R. Rahman until 2016?
As of 2017, how many government schools are there in Chinturu mandal?
What is the name of the dynasty of Kakatiyas?
What is a gigabyte?
As of 2014, what is the biggest construction in Pentakalaan village?
What is the English word for watch?
How many vitamins are there in butter?
When was the movie Rachaita released in Telugu?
Which country is in the number one position in industrialization in 2015?
How many banks are there in Ganapavaram mandal in 2000?
What is the area of Chilakurupeta town?
What is the vehicle of the Lord Kumara Swamy?
What is the third movie that Allu Shirish acted?
When was Mahbubnagar district formed?
What is the birthplace of Nerella Venumadhav?
What is the length of the border between Nepal and India?
What is the population of Saint Petersburg?
Who is the first scientist that researched on astronomical things?
Which mandal exists in the east of Hukumpeta mandal?
What is the number of villages exist in Tuni mandal?
How many countries share border with India?
Where is the smallest railway station in Guntur district?
How many movies has Govindarajula Subbarao acted?
What is the height of the banyan tree in Pillalamarri?
What is the normal interval between the general elections in India?
When was Wikisource designed?
When was the name of that district changed to YSR district?
What is the title of Nerella Venumadhav?
Where is the first dental hospital built in Andhra Pradesh located?
How many countries are there in South Asia?
Who is the first Indian to receive Nobel prize for literature?
What is the duration of the movie Suryavansham?
When was cricket designed?
How many stars are there in an American flag?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Repalle mandal?
What is the scientific name of mammals?
What is the Sanskrit word for time?
What is number of water tanks in Polaki mandal?
Who is the first sarpanch of Kavagunta village?
When was the first railway station started in Vijayanagaram district?
What is the Hindi word for percosin?
What is the length of the coastal area in Visakhapatnam district?
What is the literacy rate of Karimnagar district in 2010?
How many months are there in a century?
How many assembly constituencies are there in Mahbubnagar district in 2019?
How many primary health care centers are there in Bapulapadu mandal?
When was Adilabad district formed?
As of 2005, what is the biggest construction in Macherla town?
Who is the revenue officer for Denduluru mandal in 2017?
What is the male to female ration in Purnia district 2001?
What is the area of Pitapuram town?
What is number of water tanks in Panyam mandal?
As of 2001, how many government hospitals are there in Guntur district?
What is the number of villages exist in Kalluru mandal?
What is the rank of Andhra Pradesh' dairy industry in 2015?
When was Indian Bank established?
How many assembly constituencies are there in Krishna district in 2018?
Who is the first Chalukya king to rule Vengi kingdom?
How many primary schools are there in Vanaparti district until 2011?
What is the science that deals with the research on bacteria?
How many private ports are there in Visakhapatnam district in 2018?
How many engineering colleges are there in Dharwada district?
Which minerals do human need the most?
When was the movie Bhimavaram Bullodu released?
What is the weapon of the Lord Vishnu?
What is the capital of Punjab?
When were the first arches built?
When was the Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University opened in Hyderabad?
How many children do Chandavel Raju has?
What is the national flower of Japan?
What is the unit for pressure?
What is the home state of Usha Utup?
Where is the head office of the HP Gas in India located?
Which is the largest Hindu temple in Vijayawada?
How many religions are there in India in 2018?
How many years have the British enslaved Indians?
Which colors do eyes turn into during cholera?
Where is the first steel industry established in Andhra Pradesh?
What is the number of women in Aamadalavalasa village as of 2009?
Which is stated has produced highest amount of electricity by 2011?
Who has written the Maha Bharat?
How many districts are there in the neighborhood of Visakhapatnam district?
What is the birthplace of Pokuri Baburao?
What is the highest recorded temperature in Edlanka in 2018?
What is the budget of the movie Magadheera?
How many novels has Shamshuddeen written?
What could be the air pressure inside a football?
What is the state bird of Madhya Pradesh?
What is the chemical formula for glucose?
How many municipalities are there in Andhra Pradesh in 2018?
How many districts are in the neighborhood of Amritsar district?
How many perennial rivers are there in Srikakulam district?
Who defeated the first king of Mongolia?
Which doctor conducted the first heart transplant surgery?
How many backward castes are recognized by the Indian government in 2018?
What is the population of India in 2018?
Who is the educational officer for Chundooru mandal in 2016?
How many movies has Robie Williams acted in until 2010?
What is the height of Eiffel Tower?
How many muscles a human body consist?
Where is the biggest cricket stadium in India located?
What is the first movie that V. Santaram produced?
How many has Nawab Ali Yawar been appointed as the Indian ambassador?
Which insect has many legs?
Who is the father of Kengi Mijoguchi?
Which is the largest city in Telangana state?
Who is the last king of Osmania dynasty?
When was the movie Arya released?
Which is the largest city in Udaypur state?
Who was the chief minister of Delhi in 2019?
How many songs are there in 24 movie?
What is the Telugu word for English word emission?
As of 2018, how many government schools are there in Alamooru mandal?
What is the number of languages that Ramayana got translated into?
How many banks are there in Ponnuru mandal in 2015?
What is the length of South Central Railway?
Who is the first women journalist in India?
How many bus depots are there in Podili mandal in 2018?
Where is the Pulicat lake located in India?
When was the first Indian freedom fight happened?
Who was the first chief minister of Tamilnadu state?
When was the movie Bhadrinath released?
In how many theatres do the movie Coach Carter released?
When was the Visakhapatnam steel started?
When was the Bikkavolu Subramaniam Swamy temple built?
Which is the first bank built in Kanchili mandal?
Which is the famous Saibaba temple in the state Maharashtra?
What is the birthplace of Kona Venkat?
Which person in the world has no feelings?
What is the pin code of Kakinada?
Where is the biggest mental hospital in the world located?
What is the highest recorded temperature in Rentachintala in 2015?
How many types of fat does a human body consist?
Which is the largest jaatara in Telangana state?
How many police stations are there in Buchayyapeta mandal in 2018?
What is the birthplace of Jessica Lal?
Who is the collector for Sangareddy district in 2017?
How many countries are there in East Europe?
Which bird can fly in the low heights?
What is the lifetime of a cow?
Which is the first mobile tower built in Amaravathi mandal?
How many mandals are there in Mastang district?
As of 2010, how many government schools are there in Kamavarapukota mandal?
How many mandals are there in Kurnool district?
How many national highways are there in Madhya Pradesh state?
What is the name of Dr. Madhalika's mother?
What is the area of Rajampeta town?
When did Stephne Mayor die?
How many rivers flow across the African continent in 2012?
Who invented black holes?
What is the Hindi word for society?
In which year has the Grammy awards begin?
When was the Biocon Limited started?
Who is the producer for Sankranti movie?
What is the nationality of Sir Thomas More?
What is the area of Almora town?
Sindh rivers flows across how many countries?
Who introduced the Kanivelugu scheme in Telangana?
When did Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan die?
Which is the largest lake in West Godavari district?
Who is the producer for London Dreams movie?
Who is the collector for Kurnool district in 2014?
What is the population of India in 2002?
How many sub-rivers are there for Nile river?
When was the movie Nayakudu released for the first time?
Which disease can form from the deficiency of protein?
What is the Telugu word for mimicry?
How many bus stations are there in Gudem Kottaveedhi mandal?
What do we call the organism that has genetic changes?
How many railway stations are there in Kalluru district?
Who directed the movie Sultan?
How many years has Kalingas ruled Visakhapatnam?
Which Indian player has got the first medal in Olympics in Badminton?
How many mountains has Masthan Babu climbed by 2015?
Which is the first bank started in Anakapalli town?
What is the ratio of nitrogen in the air?
How many police stations are there in Denduluru mandal in 2018?
Which is the first poem written by Teji Grover?
Which is the largest country in West Asia?
What is the name of the tallest tree in the world?
What is the smallest bone in the human body?
Who is the educational officer for Brahmamgarimatam mandal in 2018?
When was the movie Aata Aarambham released?
Where is the area of West Godavari district?
Which is the prominent town in Vaishali district?
How many large scale industries are there in Visakhapatnam district in 2014?
What is the net domestic production in India in 2017?
As of 2018, how many international airports are there in West Godavari district?
Who is the MLA of Tenali in 2015?
Which is the largest city in the Aisan continent in area?
At what temperature can snow turn into liquid state?
In which village was Srikakulam Road railway station built?
How many police stations are there in Mylavaram mandal?
When was the British Museum established?
Which is the first country that used a paper?
What is the structure of enzymes?
When was Aakula Sri Ramulu engineering college built?
How many albums were released by The Who?
As of 2016, how many government schools are there in Chilamatooru mandal?
Where is the largest hospital in West Godavari in 2018 located?
In which American region was Discovery Channel started?
Who are the parents of Neelakanta Somayaji?
Which is the largest Hindu temple in Chittoor district?
What is the birthplace of Sri Potti Sriramulu?
What is the English word for women?
When was the movie The Bucket List released?
Who directed the movie Antariksham?
As of 2018, how many aqua tanks are there in West Godavari district?
Who is the father of Ratan Tata?
Which is the supreme court of India located?
How much land was in non-agricultural usage in Beher Vaal village?
What is the height of Narayan Kartikeyan?
Which country largely produces the gold?
What is the another name for Visakhapatnam?
In which year was the metro begin in Hyderabad?
How many countries are there in South America in 2016?
Chitradurgam is in which state?
In which year was the Tweety Kaagala character created?
Which politician has started IT hub in Hyderabad?
Which is the most populous state in Canada in 2017?
What is the duration of the movie Neevu Leka Nenu Lenu?
Where is the first distance education university located?
Who established Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanam?
Who is the farther of chemistry?
Who's the chief minister of Kerala in 1999?
How websites are in use in WWW in 2018?
Who directed the movie Parugu?
As of 2010, how many primary schools are there in Nuziveedu mandal?
Where is the largest agricultural college in Guntur district in 2018 located?
What is the capital of New Zealand?
What is the height of Vincent Villam Waan Goh?
How universities were there in India in 2018?
Which is the largest zoo in Chittoor district in 2018?
How many welfare schemes are introduced by Telangana government in 2018?
What is very famous in Bhupatipalle village?
Who is the collector for Krishna district in 1998?
How many universities are there in Andhra Pradesh?
As of 2018, how many primary schools are there in A. Konduru mandal?
Which is the first movie that came under Morgan Portfield Freeman's director?
What is the density of hydrogen?
As of 2011, what is the percentage of forest in Munchangiputtu mandal?
Who directed the movie Siva?
What is the another name for Mahbubnagar district?
As of 2010, how many government schools are there in Adilabad mandal?
In which year was Sri Ananta Padmanabhaswamy temple built?
What was the highest rainfall recorded in Kolagatla village in 2015?
Where is the head office of the Fox Star Studios located?
Who is the first Indian to create a Ginis world record in Kalankari?
Who is the first Indian to go to space travel?
Which scientist did first research on bacteria?
As of 2001, how many acres of barren land is available in Challapalli mandal?
How many countries have the agriculture as their main occupation?
What is the area of forests in Bihar state?
How many rivers are there in Krishna district?
Where did Alfred Tennison die?
Where has Potti Sri Ramulu completed his primary education?
How many villages exist in the neighborhood of Vannadi village?
How many years Andhra Pradesh had Kurnool as it's capital?
In which village was Srikakulam Road railway station built?
What is the chemical structure of water?
What is the date of Sri Rama's coronation?
In which year was the homeopathy proposed?
When did Pawan Kalyan enter into politics?
Who is the lead actor in Darpanam movie?
When has Siricilla Rajayya got married?
Which minerals are largely available in Andhra Pradesh?
Who is the revenue officer for Pedabayalu mandal in 2017?
What is the main vitamin to be found in apples?
Which district is in the east of West Godavari district?
How many primary health care centers are there in Guntur district in 2011?
How many elements are in the S-block of the periodic table?
Who is the first sculptor to receive Pritzker award?
Who is the producer for E Bhakta Markhandeya movie?
What is the capital of West Bengal?
Which Indian scientist did first research on proteins?
Who is the last king of Kakatiya dynasty to rule Kurnool district?
Where are the Andaman Nicobar Islands located?
How many assembly constituencies are there in Krishna district in 2011?
What is the literacy rate of Darsi mandal in 2015?
How many avatars does Lord Maha Vishnu has?
How many railway stations are there in Kalluru district in 2014?
How many oceans are there on the Earth?
Which is the first power station started in India?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Rayadurgam mandal?
As of 2016, how many ancient constructions are there in Karimnagar district?
What is the area of Tuni town?
When has Consumer Act came into existence in India?
According to the census of 2011, what is the population of Jagityala district?
What is the first movie of Rajinikanth?
Who is the first female pilot?
Who is the cinematographer for the movie Tholiprema 2018?
As of 2017, how many government hospitals are there in Jagityala district?
Who directed the movie Titanic?
What is the state animal of Orissa?
What is the currency of the country Australia?
What is the daily energy generation capacity of Nagarjuna Sagar dam?
Which country has the highest number of leopards?
What is the gravitational force of the Moon?
What is the area of Taikal lake?
Which is the main vitamin found in cumin seeds?
Where is the supreme court of India located?
Who directed the movie Pushpaka Vimanam?
How many banks are there in Amritsar - II taluk?
Which is the first bank built in Sarubujjili mandal?
Who directed the movie Silver?
How many primary schools are there in Repalle mandal?
What is the area of Nizamabad city?
How many novels has Sheik Nazeer written in Telugu?
What is the first movie Hindi that Chiranjeevi acted?
Who is the collector for Prakasam district in 2011?
Who is the cinematographer for the movie Rudramadevi?
Who is the author of the state song of Andhra Pradesh?
Which is the first mobile tower built in Peddapalli district?
Which sport is similar to tennis?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Srikakulam district?
Who ruled Egypt after the death of Cleopatra VII Filopotter?
How many revenue divisions are there in Guntur district in 2018?
Which country produced highest amount of sugar in 2019?
What is the approximate weight of a human liver?
Who established Indian Sahitya Akademi Award?
Where is the Sahara desert located?
What is the natural satellite for the Earth?
As of 2015, how many acres of barren land is available in Chunchu Yerragudi?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Rampachodavaram mandal?
How many police stations are there in Jogulamba Gadwala in 2018?
How many islands are there in the Indonesian ocean?
Which is the largest company in the world?
Who is the first person that participated in Olympics from West Godavari?
How many movies has Uday Kiran acted?
What is the area of Anantagiri forest?
When was Elect Commission of India begin?
Who is the collector for Cuddapah district in 2010?
Which Hindu temple in Maharashtra gets highest revenue?
Which country started the waxing procedure?
Krishnam Raju acted in how many movies that are directed by Raghavendra Rao by 2018?
Which is the biggest temple in Ponduru mandal?
When was Lowren Graham born?
When was the lignite invented?
What is the population of Mandapeta in 2012?
Which mandal exists in the east of Eluru mandal?
How many primary schools are there in Eluru town?
What is the length of the coastal area in Visakhapatnam?
Where is the largest Ganapati statue established in 2017?
Which is the highest place in Amalapuram Pradesh?
How many nutrients does human need?
Who got elected as the MLA of Anakapalli in 1989?
When has Jawaharlal Nehru taken the charge as the first prime minister of India?
Who are the parents of Yarlagadda Lakshmiprasad?
How many years has YSR been in power?
When was the movie Sri released?
How many banks are there in Rajam mandal in 2017?
What is the pin code of Vanaparti town?
When did Vishwanath Pratap Singh decided to give 27% reservation to the scheduled castes?
What is the per capita income of Andhra Pradesh state in 2010?
What is the national language of Bangladesh?
Who India city is famous for silk clothes?
What was the rainfall recorded in West Godavari district in 2001?
What does the white color in Indian flag represent?
When was Karimnagar district formed?
What is the name of Mumbai railway state?
How many centimeters do one kilometer has?
Who is called as god of the cricket?
How many colors are there in an El Salvador national flag?
What is the number of women in Pitlam village as of 2002?
Which is the longest highway in the world?
Where is the biggest statue of Sri Subramaniam swamy in Malaysia located?
What is the number of women in Modugulavalasa village as of 2017?
What is the capital of Singapore?
What is the first movie that the Telugu actor Devarakonda Vijay acted?
How many states celebrate Holi?
Who's the chief minister of Uttar Pradesh in 2015?
As of 2017, how many government schools are there in Dumbriguda mandal?
When was Charles Deekens born?
What is the population of East Bapatla (rural) village in 2011?
Who is the collector of Vikarabad in 2019?
What is the area of Tenali town?
How many elements are in the 7th-block of the periodic table?
In which has Congress party become into power?
Who is called as the Mother of Peace?
What is the currency of Wales?
What is the area of Andhra Pradesh achieved by Sri Potti Sriramulu?
Which is the first primary school built in G. Konduru mandal?
What is the height of Chris Jericko?
Who is the first prime minister of India?
What is the area of Japan?
What is the duration of the movie Anaganaga Oka Roju?
Which is the first government school built in India?
What is the area of Balochistan?
What is the area of Balangir town?
How many countries are producing wax?
Which Indian region has more number of Sikhs?
When was Google Cloud Software started?
When did Bhasu die?
How many kings ruled Vijayanagara Kingdom?
Which company made the first world map?
What is the English word for oil?
What is the length of the coastal area in Andhra Pradesh?
How many types of boilers are available?
What is very famous in Ramapuram village?
How many zones are there in Indian Railways until 2018?
How much temperature is needed for saffron flower?
Who is the collector for Krishna district in 2018?
What is the number of voters in Maddikera Agraharam village in 2003?
What is the duration of the movie Patashala?
Who is Chintam Praveen's wife?
Which is the movie that Akkineni Nagarjuna, Tamanna, Karthi acted together?
How many years has British ruled India?
What is the scientific name of black pepper?
Who is the lead actress in Swagatham movie?
Which is the largest mandal in West Godavari district?
Where is the Andhra Pradesh Inter Board located?
As of 2017, how many government schools are there in Chitvelu mandal?
Who is the collector for Mulugu district in 2008?
How many prominent towns are there in Visakhapatnam district?
Who received best farmer award in 2017?
Which is the largest river in Janagama district?
What is the capital of Andhra Pradesh?
What is the crystal structure of nitrogen?
Which is the first mobile tower built in Tanduru mandal?
What is the number of post offices available in Guntur district?
Who is the collector for Khammam district in 2014?
Who founded Ray-Ban company?
How many mandals are there in Amritsar district?
What is the highly cultivated crop in West Godavari district?
Who was the first chief minister of Telangana state?
Who is the eldest of Kauravas?
Which Indian state produces more timber?
Which is the largest animal in the ocean?
Who is the music director of the movie Lakshmi?
How many days Andhra Pradesh had Kurnool as it's captial?
As of 2015, how many engineering colleges are there in Visakhapatnam district?
Who wrote the story Gunasundari?
When was the first private ATM started in Ajnala taluk?
Who directed the movie Titanic?
How many movies has Pradeep Ravath acted in as a villain?
In which direct does Vijayanagaram district exist for Andhra Pradesh state?
When was Peda Kandukuru district formed?
How many types of waxing is available?
How many degree colleges are there in Midtooru mandal?
Peddavaram village comes under which parliament constituency?
When were Andhra Pradesh and Tamilnadu divided?
What is the Chinese army's strength in 1967?
Where is the Ganga river located?
How many international one day cricket matches has India played in 2018?
Which mammal gives milk?
How many assembly constituencies are there in Andhra Pradesh in 2018?
Which is the crop that Andhra Pradesh largely produces?
When was the WTO built?
How many railway junctions are there in Krishna district in 2015?
When was the movie Bahumati released?
Where is the Loksatta party's head office located?
Who is the collector for Warangal district in 2016?
When was Walter born?
Which is the largest Hindu temple in the Asian continent?
When was the government hospital established in Morsapudi village?
Which is the biggest Puri Jagannath's temple in the world?
Which is the highly populated district in Telangana state in 2001?
What is the official language of Australia?
What is the first movie that Jackie Chan acted?
Which village in Narsipatnam mandal has the biggest water tank?
Which is the first bank started in Srikalahasti mandal?
In which season can mangos grow largely?
How many satellites do the Venus has?
Which is the expensive fish available in West Godavari?
In which year has Milka Singh received the Padma Shree award?
In how many movies have Kajol and Sharuk acted together?
What is the caste base occupation of Yadavas?
Which is the first web browser that was introduced in Android Play Store?
How many children does Ghattamaneni Krishna have?
What is the another name of Sri Potti Sriramulu?
How many medical colleges are there in Prakasam district?
How many water tanks are there in Temburu village?
Which is the first bank started in Mangalagiri town?
Which is the first movie that came under Goodavalli Ramabrahmam's director?
What is the chemical formula for nylon?
Who sung the song Bhale Bhale Mogadivoy Bangaru Na Samivoy?
What is the another name of eastern ghats?
When was the movie Tirupati released?
How many continents are there in the world?
How long will it take for the heart surgery?
Who is the producer for Aalayam movie?
Who is the director for Doctor Chakravathi movie?
Who's first the chief minister of Andhra Pradesh?
Who built the Chandragiri fort?
As of 2001, how many acres of barren land is available in Jayasankar Bhupalapalli mandal?
Who are the parents of Stephen R. Kove?
What is the literacy rate of Prakasam district in 2014?
As of 2018, how many primary schools are there in Tamballapalle mandal?
Which is the biggest tree in India?
According to the census of 2011, what is the population of Anantagiri mandal?
How many months is Sri Mahalakshmi Vrath celebrated?
When was Mini Car organization established?
Who invented the barometer?
What is the reload time of Pinaca Mark-1 rockets?
Who is the collector of West Godavari?
When has Allam Rajayya written the novel Kolimantukunnadi?
How many districts were there in East Godavari district?
When was Acharya N.G.Ranja agricultural university built?
Who was the first chief minister of Odisha state?
When was White Star Line organization established?
Who is the collector for Visakhapatnam district in 2006?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Guntur district?
What is the relation between Sri Krishna and Arjuna?
What is the percentage of the weight of the head in a human body?
Tripurapuram village comes under which parliament constituency?
In how many theatres do the movie Gauravam released?
How many children does Vyasa have?
Which is the longest word in English language?
When was Prakasam district formed?
Which party won in 2019 general elections?
What is the average length of human liver?
What are the names of the sons of Drutarashtra?
In century has Srirangam Srinivasarao become famous as SriSri?
What is the height of Edward II?
When was the movie Swagatham released?
Which is the largest salt water lake in Andhra Pradesh?
What is the depth of the south ocean?
What is the duration of the movie Manamantha?
When was Immadi Jagadevarao Sadasivaroyal's ruling begin?
Which is the biggest shopping mall in Visakhapatnam district?
What is the number of women in Polisettipadu village as of 2010 census?
Who is the father of Daksha?
Who's the chief minister of Uttar Pradesh in 2016?
What is the literacy rate of Ranasthalam mandal in 2011?
Who is the owner of Vikas Pedia Portal?
When was the road rash introduced?
As of 2006, how many fish ponds are there in Ojili mandal?
Who are the parents of Dr. V. Santha?
What is the official language of Belarus?
Which country produces greatest amount of fuel?
In which region do Godavari river joins Bay of Bengal?
What is the first movie that Sadhana acted?
What is the birthplace of Rajiv Gandhi?
What is the population of India in 2009?
Who built the Ajitanatha Digambara Jain Temple?
How many government schools are there in Tenali mandal?
As of 2010, how many government schools are there in Venkatagiri Kota mandal?
Who is the first person to build Ramantha Swamy temple?
Who is the producer for 21 movie?
What is the atomic mass of osmium?
Who is the music director for the movie Vaadu Veedu?
How many railway stations are there in East Godavari?
How many torrents are there in Kankipadu mandal?
How many scheduled castes are recognized by the Government of India in 2018?
Which is the most expensive mineral in the world?
How many chlorine atoms can a tetrachloride contain?
How many awards did Michael Ferade receive?
When did tig come into usage?
Who is the first person to receive Nobel prize in chemistry?
Who is the collector for Amritsar district in 2016?
Which is the largest temple in the world?
What is the area of Jharkhand state?
What is the area of Sidney city?
Which is the national bird of Trinidad And Tobago?
Who directed the movie Pournami?
Who is the first prime minister of Balcon?
Which is the first primary school built in Dharmaram mandal?
What is the area of Ongole?
What is the number of employees in Amazon?
What is the normal temperature of the human body?
How many years has A.P.J. Abdul Kala served as the Prime Minister of India?
When was the Tiruvanantapuram mail train started?
Who is the prime minister of India in 1989?
As of 2011, how many government schools are there in Meliyaputti mandal?
What is the area of Palasa town?
How many banks are there in Chunduru mandal in 2018?
Which is the first movie that David Bowie acted?
Which is the first sugar industry built in Visakhapatnam district?
When was the first communication satellite sent into the space?
When was Kodi Ramakrishna born?
What is the duration of the movie Agniparvatham?
What is number of water tanks in Chittoor district?
How many children died of malnutrition in India until 2015?
As of 2012, how many national highways were there in Kurnool district?
What is the title of Tanguturi Prakasam Pantulu?
Who got elected as the Chairman for Andhra Pradesh Council in 2014?
How many parliament seats are there in Pune district?
How many universities are there in Jaipur?
Who is the prime minister of Thailand in 2002?
How many districts are in the neighborhood of Kurnool dirstict?
What is the official website of Aadhaar?
How many railway stations are there in Adoni mandal in 2017?
Which is the first mobile tower built in Vatticherukuru mandal?
Who is the collector of West Godavari in 2016?
Who directed the movie Aathma?
When was the Indian Railways system started?
Who's the chief minister of Maharashtra in 2011?
How many satellites revolve around the Earth?
Which is the first industry built in Fatehbad district?
What is the state flower of Louisiana?
What is the number of water tanks available in Aamudalavalasa town?
What is the age of Tamanna in 2016?
Which government built Gandhi park in Srikakulam district?
Which is the fastest train in between Hyderabad and Amaravathi in 2018?
When was the Srisailam dam built?
How many dames were built on Krishna river by 2017?
Where is the first cloth industry located in India?
What is the number of villages exist in Undrajavaram mandal?
Which Indian state has Lambasingi region?
What is the average lifetime of human beings?
What is the birthplace of Virat Kohli?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Tallooru mandal?
Who is the first female prime minister of India?
What is the number of water tanks exist in Baoth mandal?
What is the molar heat capacity of the organ element?
What is the length of Manasa Sarovar lake?
How many calcium atoms can a calcium chloride contain?
Which is the biggest city in Medak district?
What is the area of Sattupalli town?
Which is the first web browser in the world?
How many acres of forest land is there in Sri Potti Sriramulu Nellore district in 2011?
Which is the biggest dam in Srikakulam district?
Which is the first primary school built in Koderu mandal?
How many Sundays are there in June in a leap year?
Who is chief justice of supreme court in 2018?
What is the first book of Sayyed Naseer Ahmed?
What is the capital of Nepal?
When were the Me Seve centers established in Andhra Pradesh?
What is the height of Vemparala Suryanarayana Shastri?
What is the official language of North Korea?
When was the name of Cuddapah district changed to YSR district?
What is the first book of Kethu Vishwanatha reddy?
Which is the largest city in Uttarakhand?
When has the Indian implemented the traffic rules for the first time?
How many rivers are there in Greek during 399BC?
Which is the largest river in Khammam district?
As of 2017, what is the biggest nightclub in Hyderabad town?
When was the movie Gautamiputra Satakarni released?
What is the first movie that Kranti Kumar directed?
How many primary hospitals are there in Munchingiputtu mandal?
In which year were the Gija pyramids built?
How many employees are there in Netscape Communications Corporation?
What is the family of Sri Krishnadevarayalu?
Which country produced highest amount of sugar in 2018?
Who's the chief minister of Madhya Pradesh?
When and who invented plug valve?
What is the area of Karla cave?
When was the largest church in Khammam district built?
Who is the revenue officer for Aluru mandal in 2018?
Which is the first bank started in Undrajavaram mandal?
Who directed the movie Suvarnasundari?
Who started the Narayan Educational Institutions?
Which is the first movie that Bruise Willis acted?
What is the literacy rate of Krishna district in 2016?
What is largely used as an electrode?
How many municipalities are there in Krishna district?
Which prime minister has started digital India?
What is the another name of the Lord Parameswar?
How many ships were drowned in Bermuda triangle until 2015?
What is the area of Vijayanagaram town?
Who invented the computer?
How many women are there in Madhya Pradesh state in 2011?
When was the first government hospital started in Lokeswaram mandal?
What is the crop time for Elukula?
Who is the first prime minister of India?
What is the area of Eluru?
How many mandals are there in Yadadri Bhuvanagiri district?
What is the name of the famous Lord Sri Rama temple located in Bhadrachalam?
People of how many countries speak Greek?
Which mandal exists in the east of Talupula mandal?
What is the area of New York city?
Which tool can be used to see the bacteria?
How many organizations had membership in The Confederation of Indian Industries in 2018?
Which is the first movie that Mullapudi Venkataramana directed?
Which is the first act introduced by the Government of India?
Where is the world bank located?
What is the population of Nandigampadu village?
How many wards are there in Kottapalli village?
How many husbands does Draupadi had?
What is the first Telugu movie?
What is the name of Roger Federer's mother?
What is the capital of Bihar?
As of 2018, how many acres of barren land is available in Pendurti mandal?
Who is the lead actress in Bhale Bhale Mogadivoy?
Who is Bishma's wife?
What is the capital of Punjab?
What is the duration of the movie Swagatham?
When was Virus Application Protocol started?
Who is Suravaram Prathapreddy's father?
Who is the producer for Tupaki movie?
How many awards has Bruise Willis won until 2011?
Who built the Chaumahalla palace?
How many meters do one kilometer has?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Milliyal mandal?
When was the movie Pelli Pandiri released?
Where is Alexandria located?
Where is the head office of the Singareni Collieries Company located?
What is the 4th avatar of Lord Vishnu as per the Hindu scripts?
What is the area of Japan?
What is the lifetime of a dog?
In which month mostly the 12th standard exams are conducted?
When was the movie Daiva Balam released?
What is the official language of Jharkhand?
When was the Annavaram Satya Narayana Swamy temple built?
What is the name of Anasuya Kulakarni's mother?
Which is the biggest railway station in Krishna district?
Who is the revenue officer for Telkapalli mandal in 2016?
What is the duration of the movie Devatha 1941?
What is the English word for construction?
Who introduced the Protected Drinking water scheme in Kovelamudi village?
How many prominent towns are there in Visakhapatnam district?
What is the height of the Gali Gopuram of the Veeralakshmi Chennakesava Swamy Temple?
When did Shahjahan die?
As of 2016, what is the biggest construction in Pulivendula town?
Who is that the health is wealth?
When was the digital camera invented?
Who directed the movie Siva?
According to the census of 1991, what is the population of Hailakandi district?
How many people have received the Padma Shree award until 2018?
Who is the producer for Greekveerudu movie?
Who is the first prime minister of India?
When was Quli Qutub Shah born?
Which is the largest Hindu temple in Vijayawada?
What is the chemical formula for folic acid?
What is the name of Dr. J. Chennayya's mother?
What is the largely imported item from China to India?
When was the movie Devatha released?
When was the Rangaraya Medical College established in East Godavari district?
Who is the sarpanch of Velpuru in 2000?
Pairevaal village comes under which state?
Who is the father of the Lord Rama?
Who is the revenue officer for Bucheyyapeta mandal in 2016?
What is the height of Roy Maurice?
What is the temperature on the Sun?
When was the movie Kodalu Diddina Kapuram released?
What is the scientific name of the neem tree?
How many zinc atoms are there in zinc oxide?
When was the first eye hospital established in Sri Potti Sriramulu Nellore district?
What is the lifetime of a snake?
What is the capital of Himachal Pradesh?
What is the heartbeat rate of a healthy man?
What is the English word for watch?
When was the Field Museum established?
When was Radhika Kumaraswamy born?
Who is the collector for Vikarabad district in 2010?
When was the movie Adhipati released?
When was the national movement begin?
How many villages exist in the neighborhood of Erikambattu village?
Who is the father of P.B. Srinivas?
Which is the first Indian talkie movie?
As of 2012, how many water tanks are there in Tamballapalle district?
What is the state sport of Telangana?
Which district exists in the east of Garikapadu village?
Vagemadugu village comes under which parliament constituency?
What is the chemical formula for krypton?
Where is the head office of the Reliance Industries located?
Where do the Lord Brahma live?
According to the census of 2011, what is the population of Chintapalli village?
How many songs has George Michael sung until 2006?
Which government introduced the roles of village volunteers in Andhra Pradesh?
Where is the largest industry located in Andhra Pradesh in 2017?
How many cinema theatres are there in Srikakulam mandal in 2018?
What is the area of Karnataka?
Which family do the palm tree belongs to?
Who is the lead actor in Chattam movie?
When did Sheik China Maulana die?
What is the weight of the Space Capsule Recovery Experiment Space Ship?
Which is the origin language for Lobotomy word?
Who is Lord Rama's wife?
What is the area of Palamaneru town?
As of 2015, which company has the highest number of airplanes?
Who founded Intel company?
How many players can play in cricket?
What is the area of Greenwich city?
Tulluru mandal comes under which state?
Which movie has got the first place in the world in 2017?
Who is the tallest person in the person?
What is the length of the Indian railways in 2019?
Which is the first engineering college in Prakasam district?
Which is the largest river on Godavari river in 2015?
Who is the prime minister of Ukraine in 2017?
How many loksabha constituencies are there in Viskhapatnam district?
Who is the collector for Kurnool district in 2018?
How many states are there in Australia?
Which is the first municipality formed in Srikakulam district?
How many nerves does a human eye consist?
Which is the first machine invented by the human beings?
Which is the biggest statue in the world?
Who is the collector for Nalgonda district in 2010?
Who is the producer for Nizam movie?
Which is the script used by the blind people?
Which is the first name invented in chemistry?
When was the movie Sankranti released?
What is the area of Hyderabad city?
How many railway zones are there in Andhra Pradesh in 2018?
How many countries are there on the banks of the Arabian Sea?
What is the currency of America?
Who are the parents of Pete Tenshound?
Which country has large number of tropical forests?
Who is the first sarpanch of Boyalapalem village?
How many post offices are there in Velugodu mandal?
How many bridges were built on Rajuhmandry Godavari bridge by 2018?
How many dams are there in Krishna district?
How many oceans are there in the world?
Who is the lead actor in Kalyana Vaibhogame movie?
How many police stations are there in Nimmanapalle mandal?
Who directed the movie Sitarama Kalyanam?
According to the census of 2008, which is the largest nation in terms of population?
Who's the third chief minister of Arunachal Pradesh?
What is the Malayalam word for king?
How many royal Bengal tigers are there in India during 2015?
How many water tanks are there in Konakamitla mandal?
Ghatotkacha belongs to which country?
Which is the third highest mountain in the world?
What is the area of Parlakimidi town?
How many movies released in Telugu in 2018?
How many days are there in June?
How many acres of paddy land available in East Godavari?
When has the government identified the dolphin nose mountains in Visakhapatnam district?
Who is the first collector for Nirmal district?
Who is the first Indian music director to receive Oscar?
Who started the first blood bank in Srikakulam?
What is the occupation of Magdhum Mohiyuddin?
Which movie released in many languages in 2018?
As per the 2018 WHO statistics, how many people died of malnutrition?
Who is the wife of Amalia Clemente Modigliani?
Which country produces large amount of cement?
Who's first the chief minister of Andhra Pradesh by 2009?
Which Indian state exported more rice?
What is the literacy rate of Nizamabad district in 2016?
What is the first Tamil movie that Keerti Suresh acted?
Where is the White House located?
Which religion exists in Pakistan?
When was the Machilipatnam sea port built?
How many songs are there in Venkatapuram movie?
How many houses are there in Kondakunkum in 2002?
Which animal has least number of bones?
How many paragraphs a letter contains?
As per WHO, how many times should we drink milk?
How many letters are there in Sanskrit?
Which is the first bank started in Avanigadda mandal?
Who are the parents of Mehar Baba?
How many bridges were built on Krishna river by 2018?
What is the duration of the movie Rebel Without A Cross?
Who is the lead actor in the movie Swamy?
Where is the biggest martial arts academy located?
Which is the first color movie in Marathi?
How many islands are there in Caribbean sea?
Who was elected from Guntur district in 2014 elections?
What is the molecular weight of helium gas?
What is the official language of Jammu and Kashmir state?
Who is the producer for Dora movie?
Who is the collector for Vikarabad district in 2011?
2019
Which company largely produced snirf off vodka?
Where is the origin of Sanskrit?
Who directed the movie Aadi?
What is the number of women in Pentapadu village in 2011?
When is the Andhra Pradesh formation day?
When was the first mobile tower was started in Bommanampadu mandal?
Which is the first dam built in Krishna district?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Yetapaka mandal?
Who is the first prime minister of Russia?
In which year Andhra Pradesh expected special status?
Who are the parents of Savitri Jindal?
In which year has Akkineni Lakshmi Varaprasadrao received Dada Sahed Falke?
Who is Vemuri Gaggaya's wife?
Who is the collector of West Godavari in 2016?
How many universities are there in Andhra Pradesh in 2015?
When was the movie The Promise under Terry George released?
How many mandals are there in Sambalpur district?
Who is the producer for Adipathi movie?
Which is the first country that played cricket?
Who invented the machine that can fly in air?
Who is on the head of the Lord Shiva?
Which country follows the shift cultivation in large scale?
Which tool can be used to see the micro organisms?
What is the number of women in Bhagalpur village as of 2011 census?
What was the name of Srikakulam during the British rule?
What should be the average body temperature?
How many assembly constituencies are there in East Godavari district?
What is the state song of Andhra Pradesh?
Leader of which party worked as the chief minister of Madhya Pradesh in 2015?
When was the movie Gayam released?
How many countries are having the French as their official language?
When was R.K. Lakshman born?
How many thermal power stations are there in India?
What is the highest place in Andhra Pradesh?
What is the national sport of India?
What is the smallest village in Narketpalli mandal in area?
How many duties do UNO has?
How many railway stations are there in Nidadavolu mandal in 2018?
What is the income of Vis Incorporated in 2017?
Where is the West Bengal's high court located?
When has Kalidusu received the title Kavi Kula Guruvu?
What is the number of women in Manduru village in 2009?
What is the population of Anakapalli town in 2018?
When was Ernest and Young organization established?
What is the definition of Fleming's right hand?
When was Nagapuri Ramesh born?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Penugonda mandal?
What is the first movie that Dasari Narayanarao directed?
How many districts are in the neighborhood of Srikakulam district?
According to the census of 1991, what is the population of West Godavari district?
Who directed the Telugu movie Gautamiputra Satakarni?
How many temples are there in West Godavari?
What is the highly cultivated crop in West Godavari district?
When was the Gorrepati Vidya Trust Committee established?
As of 2018, how many higher schools are there in Chatrayi mandal?
What is the scientific name of India's national tree?
What is the annual income of Reliance in 2017?
How many government schools are there in Amritsar district?
According to the census of 2011, which is the largest nation in terms of population?
How many mandals are there in Guntur district in 2012?
What is the percentage of farmers in the world?
What is the area of Srikalahasti town?
Who defined the political science as studying about the state?
Who is the producer for Bharateeyudu movie?
Which country largely produces amla?
Which is heaviest animal in weight?
How many kings tried to invade Vijayanagara Kingdom?
Who directed the movie Megha?
What is the literacy rate in Bhartipudi in 2011 Indian census?
How many mandals are there in Tirunalveli district?
What is the birthplace of Devaki Nandan?
When was the government hospital established in Vallore (Tuni) village?
Who is the lead actress in Umrao Jan movie?
What is the birthplace of James Chadwick?
What is the area of Kakinada town?
Where did Bhagat Singh study?
How many wives Abu Bakr Mohammad Prophet has?
What is the loss of agricultural crop occurred by the HudHud cyclone in Visakhapatnam district?
Who's first the chief minister of united Andhra Pradesh?
What is the literacy rate of Mamidikuduru mandal in 2018?
How many queens were married to the Lord Sri Krishna?
Who received the Nobel prize for literature 1988?
Where is the national tobacco board located in Andhra Pradesh?
What is the duration of the movie 1971 Beyond Borders?
How many episodes are there in Case Closed serial?
Who are the parents of Sumati Rao?
Who founded Hindu Mahasabha?
Who is the educational officer for Nallajarla mandal in 2015?
Who's the chief minister of Bihar in 2002?
How many wards are there in Chakrayapalem village?
What is the area of Africa?
How many banks are there in Yacharam mandal in 2017?
What is the area of Chamba town?
What is number of water tanks in Heeramandalam mandal?
Who's the first person to become the central minister from Visakhapatnam district?
What is the chemical name for oxygen?
Where is the largest clothe industry in Telangana state located in 2016?
Which country uses sarees largely?
What is the population density in East Godavari district 1990?
When was the first Star Wars movie released?
What is the length of Arabian sea coastal area?
Which is the most famous Hindu temple in Bhadradri Kottagudem district?
What is the Tamil word for oil?
Which is the biggest city in Guntur district?
How many districts are there in Telangana in 2016?
How many folk dances are there in India by 2008?
How many meters do one kilometer has?
Which is the first municipality formed in Chittoor district?
As of 2017, how many government schools are there in Venkatagiri mandal?
What is the area of Sahara desert?
How many Telugu movies released in 1970?
As of 2018, how many digital villages are there in Telangana state?
What is the number of post offices available in Prakasam district?
Which scientist discovered that animals have feelings?
Who directed the movie Virus?
Which is the first dam built on Krishna river?
How many government schools are there in Porumamilla mandal in 2018?
What is the first novel of Robert Thomas Patinson?
How many types are the emotions?
Who directed the movie 1971 Beyond Borders?
What is the number of women in Chinaburuguputtu village as of 2018 census?
When was Jonathan Davice born?
What is the literacy rate in Bapatla mandal in 2011 Indian census?
Where is cricket played?
What is the area of Tenali town?
As of 2018, how many industries are there in West Godavari district?
Who's the home minister of Kerala in 2017?
How many characters are there in Uncle Tom's Cabin?
What is number of water tanks in Sirugupuram mandal?
How many primary schools are there in Gurajala mandal?
How many mandals are there in Amritsar district?
What is the formula to measure energy?
As of 2017, how many government schools are there in Gambhiraopeta mandal?
How many Spiderman movies released in until 2018?
As of 2003, how many water tanks are there in Aakiveedu mandal?
What is the capital of Bihar?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Eluru mandal?
Which is the biggest part in the nervous system in the body?
What is the vehicle of the Lord Subramaniam Swamy?
What is the height of Meegada Ramalingaswamy?
Who invented the bracing procedure?
Who is the music director of the movie Lakshmi Kalyanam?
Which is the largely exported vegetable from Amritsar district?
Which is the first movie that Shakespeare acted?
Who is the producer for E movie?
How many national parties are there in India?
Which is the first folk dance in the world?
When was Duggirala Ramachadrayya born?
What is the area of Anakapalli?
Which state's capital is Amaravathi?
Who invented the Earth science?
When was the Call of the wild novel published?
How many bridges are built on the Godavari river in Rajamahendravaram until 2018?
What is the area of Bhetiya town?
How many government jobs are introduced by Telangana government in 2017?
Mammals belong to which category?
As of 2017, what is the biggest construction in Tiryani town?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Srikakulam district?
Which agricultural scientist won the first gold medal in the world?
When was BCCI established?
Which is the largest dam in Prakasam district in 2016?
Who is the father of Homi Jahangeer Baba?
What is the area of Ongole town?
In which year has C.K. Naidu played his last international test cricket match?
When were the first elections held in Santaveedi village?
How many awards did Dr. C. Venugopal receive in 2010?
When was the Google Pay app released?
Who is the lead actor in Punyabhoomi movie?
Who is the director of the Telugu movie Kishkinda?
What are the dimensions of a tennis ground?
What is the first book written by Maganti Annapurnadevi?
Who is the first philosopher of India?
How many national highways are there in Kurnool district?
Who is the father of William Bentick?
When was Pragati Printers established?
Which is the first movie that Bellankonda Srinivas acted?
How many kings ruled Greece?
What is the main festival for the Hindus?
Who is the first president of Cuba in 2018?
What is number of water tanks in Palasa mandal?
When was the Reorganization of Andhra Pradesh Act came into existence?
Who are the parents of Dolly Rebecca Parton?
How many sons do Kasturibhai Gandhi has?
What is the another name of Orugallu?
How many villages exist in the neighborhood of Dharmalakshmipuram village?
When was the Kondareddy Buruj was built in Kurnool?
Which is the highest place from the sea level in the world?
When was the Telugu script designed?
What is the name of Samyati's mother?
Which restaurant has introduced table service in India?
Who established the National League for Democracy party?
What is the population of Andhra Pradesh in 2001?
What is the area of Red sea?
When was Prakasam district formed?
How many dams are there in Krishna district?
What is the release date of the Windows 98?
Where did the politician Nara Chandrababu Naidu born in Chittoor district?
Who is the first emperor that ruled Delhi?
Who directed the movie Special?
Who is the first Telugu actor to play Subbisetti character?
How many Indian states received the special status until 2018?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Venkatagiri mandal?
What is the first movie that Katragadda Raviteja directed?
What is the state captial of Andhra Pradesh?
What is the capital of Manipur?
Sripuram village comes under which assembly constituency?
Which is the most poisonous snake in the world?
Which is the smallest river in the world?
Which is the largest dam in Kurnool district in 2018?
How many Indian dances are there?
Who has given the first solution for cancer?
What is the smallest organ in the human body?
Which country exports large amount of oil?
When did M.S. Narayana die?
Which is the first movie that C. V. Reddy directed?
As of 2017, how many government schools are there in Gudipala mandal?
In which century has Kalyana Malludu existed?
How many minerals a human being need?
Which gas is emitted by plants?
As of 2016, how many primary schools are there in Bapatla mandal?
Who is Jack Snider's wife?
Which village exists in the west of Panukuraatipalem village?
Who is the sarpanch of Duggarajupatnam village in 2016?
What is the distance between Annaaram and Warangal?
What is the distance between Noojeveedu and Vijayawada in kilometres?
What is the distance between Nandyal and Amaravathi?
What is the distance between Lingala and Srikakulam?
How many villages are there in Narsannapeta mandal?
What is the population of Mantralayam mandal as of 1997?
What is the number of men in Lachireddypalem village as of 2011 census?
What is the distance between Jaggayyapeta and Visakhapatnam?
How many villages are there in Santamagulooru mandal?
What is the number of men in Narendrapuram village as of 2005 census?
What is the area of Srikalahasti mandal?
What is the main agricultural crop in Dodlaramachandrapuram village?
Who is the sarpanch of Kinjeru village in 2016?
How many villages are there in Narpala mandal?
What is the population of Garlapadu village as of 1999?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Neelanagaram village?
What is the altitude of Aurangabad village from the sea level?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Chandrayyapeta village?
Who got elected as the sarpanch of Vangipuram village in 2019?
What is the main agricultural crop in Kothlakhurd village?
What is the altitude of Giddapalle village from the sea level?
As of 2011 census, how many houses exist in Gogulapalli village?
What is the distance between G. Konduru and Tirupati?
What is the altitude of K. Sugumanchipalle village from the sea level?
What is the distance between Peddkaduburu and Tirupati?
How many villages are there in Roddam mandal?
What is the distance between Nanucharla and Kurnool?
What is the distance between Chilakaluripeta and Vijayawada?
What is the area of Kamgedda village?
What is the population of Lingapalem mandal as of 2011?
Which village exists in the east of Peddapuram village?
What is the altitude of Perisepalli village from the sea level?
What is the population of Kummarithoomu village as of 2016?
What is the distance between Anakapalli and Araku?
Who is the sarpanch of Peddachintakunta village in 2018?
Who got elected as the sarpanch of Nagulapalli village in 2019 general elections?
Which is the biggest village in Padmanabham mandal?
What is the pin code of Bairagaanipalle (rural) village?
What is the main occupation of the people of Bhangwan village?
What is the pin code of Varikuntapaadu village?
What is the population of Kandikuppa village as of 2016?
What is the main occupation of the people of Chinapolla village?
What is the population of Chaaparayi village as of 2011?
What is the distance between Koyyalagudem and Bhimadolu?
Who is the sarpanch of Bhohru village in 2016?
What is the number of voters in Kyatoor village as of 2011?
What is the population of Jogulamba Gadwal district as of 2018?
What is the main agricultural crop in Polasigudem village?
What is the altitude of Venkatareddypalem village from the sea level?
Who is the sarpanch of Chinamukhiputtu village in 2017?
How many villages are there in Nellore district?
What is the distance between Ongole and Srikakulam?
What is the population of Papayyapalem village as of 2007?
What is the main agricultural crop in Thallavalasa village?
How many villages are there in Chamba district?
What is the distance between Hyderabad and Kankatapalem in kilometres?
What is the pin code of Anantavaram village?
What is the population of Kota Urutla mandal as of 2011?
What is the area of Akkirajapalli village?
How many villages are there in Aliyapuruduyur district?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Bairupalle village?
What is the distance between Gampalagudem and Nallajarla?
What is the altitude of Tirupatipuram village from the sea level?
What is the area of Mote or Mothe village?
How much land was in non-agricultural usage in Maakivalasa village in 2017?
What is the number of womenn in Mangapatidevipeta village as of 2011 census?
What is the distance between G. Konduru and Thuni?
What is the area of Idukki district?
Who is the sarpanch of Thoomaya village in 2010?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Bhoorgampadu village?
What is the distance between Ongole and Nellore?
What is the distance between Gudiwada and Vijayawada in kilometres?
What is the altitude of Thotapalli village from the sea level?
Who is the sarpanch of Hussain nagar village in 2016?
How many villages are there in West Godavari?
Which is the biggest village in Bhimavaram mandal?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Pina Kiltaru village in 2018?
What is the distance between Porumamilla and Cuddapah?
What is the population of Elukurti village as of 2009?
How many villages are there in Amritsar district?
How much land was in non-agricultural usage in Gondipalle village in 2017?
What is the number of womenn in Tamilnadu as of 2011 census?
What is the distance between Rachapanuku and Garisingi?
What is the distance between Anakapalli and Hyderabad in kilometres?
Who is the sarpanch of Jayempu village in 2018?
What is the distance between Chintapalli and Visakhapatnam?
What is the distance between Hyderabad and Karvetinagaram in kilometres?
Which is the biggest village in Achyuthapuram mandal?
What is the area of Kajuluru village?
What is the number of men in Doosi village as of 2011 census?
What is the distance between Tadikonda and Ponnuru?
What is the area of Nelaturu village?
What is the distance between Hyderabad and Malladi in kilometres?
What is the population of Sujathanagar mandal as of 2011?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Kankipadu village?
How many villages are there in Dahegaam mandal?
What is the distance between Gangavaram and Kakinada?
What is the area of Poduru village?
What is the number of womenn in Thallur village as of 1991 census?
What is the population of New Jersey as of 2011 census?
What is the STD code of Thorredu?
What is the pin code of Korlam village?
What is the distance between Kothipam and Vijayanagaram?
What is the distance between Achampeta and Amaravathi?
What is the distance between Garimella Kottavalasa village and Amaravathi?
What is the distance between Saidapuram and Nellore?
How many villages are there in Rolugunta mandal?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Jangaala Khandriga village?
Who is the sarpanch of Inamdugu village in 2018?
What is the distance between Thadikota and Kakinada?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Kaler Mangath village?
How many villages are there in Rajanna Siricilla district?
What is the distance between Yedulapuram village and Warangal?
What is the population of Jammanapalli village as of 2009?
What is the distance between Kakinada and Mandapeta?
What is the distance between Chebrolu and Repalle?
What is the number of voters in Chinnahulti village as of 2018?
How many villages are there in Laveru mandal?
What is the pin code of Ramarajupalem village?
What is the distance between Nidasanametta village and Vijayawada?
What is the population of Shiglipur village as of 2002?
How many villages are there in Parchuru mandal?
What is the population of Bodanampadu village as of 2003?
What is the distance between Palakonda and Amadalavalasa?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Maalasanikunta village in 2011?
Who is the sarpanch of Siripuram village in 2018?
What is the distance between Peddijagannathapuram village and Rajam?
How many villages are there in Mandya district?
What is the distance between Dwaraka Tirumala and Hanuman Junction?
How many villages are there in Kaligiri mandal?
What is the distance between Durgi and Bapatla?
How many villages are there in Mahboobnagar mandal?
What is the distance between Amalapuram and Draksharamam?
Who is the sarpanch of Arugolanupeta village in 2016?
Who is the sarpanch of Thamaraada village in 2011?
What is the altitude of Gondupalem village from the sea level?
What is the area of Tharoor mandal?
What is the area of Amritsar district?
What is the distance between Lakshmipura village and Hyderabad?
What is the altitude of Pedapadu village from the sea level?
What is the population of Khila village as of 2017?
Who is the sarpanch of Ammapalem village in 2015?
What is the area of Kutuya district?
Who is the sarpanch of Sampath Puram village in 2016?
What is the population of Veerayapalem village as of 2011?
What is the distance between Parnsala and Warangal?
What is the pin code of Bal Khurd village?
What is the main occupation of the people of Chaadam village?
What is the altitude of Katrayapadu village from the sea level?
What is the distance between Amalapuram and Guntur?
What is the distance between Jettipalem and Rentachintala?
What is the area of Pedakurupadu mandal?
What is the main occupation of the people of Pendlamarri village?
Which is the biggest village in Kota mandal?
What is the distance between Seethampeta and Tekkali?
How many villages are there in Dichpalli mandal?
What is the population of Nandivelugu village as of 2011?
What is the population of Guntur district as of 2012?
Who is the sarpanch of Anantavaram village in 2018?
What is the distance between Anakapalli and Bobbili?
What is the distance between Mangalagiri and Tirupati?
How many villages are there in Kapileswarapuram state?
How many villages are there in Aamudalavalasa mandal?
Who is the sarpanch of Somavaram village in 2018?
What is the distance between Cherukupalli and Hyderabad?
Who is the sarpanch of Kodali village in 2016?
What is the distance between Jaggammagaripeta (rural) village and Eluru?
What is the area of Tanelanka village?
What is the area of Tullooru mandal?
Which is the biggest village in Podili mandal?
What is the population of Mondikota village as of 2000?
What is the area of Karampudi mandal?
What is the distance between Eluru and Bhimavaram?
What is the distance between Rundalamputtu village and Vijayawada?
What is the area of G.Kondur mandal?
What is the pin code of Ontimitta village?
What is the number of men in Moolakot village as of 2004 census?
What is the pin code of Bheemavaram village?
What is the number of men in Warangal as of 2008 census?
What is the distance between Argentina and Chile?
Which is the biggest village in Devipatnam mandal?
What is the distance between Kottaguda and Hyderabad?
Who is the sarpanch of Nandaram village in 2016?
What is the distance between Samarlakota and Kakinada?
What is the distance between Vajrapukotturu and Palaasa?
What is the population of Rambhadrapuram village as of 2016?
What is the altitude of Thuni town from the sea level?
How many villages are there in Yallareddypet mandal?
What is the distance between Anakapalli and Paderu?
What is the STD code of Kollapur?
What is the area of Podili mandal?
What is the population of the country Mexico as of 2019?
What is the distance between Palaasa and Srikakulam?
What is the distance between Narsingi and Delhi?
How many villages are there in Bollapalli mandal?
What is the distance between Pitapuram and Peddapuram?
What is the distance between Kanbampadu and Bhimavaram?
What is the distance between Konganapalle village and Tirupati?
Which village exists in the east of Dummaputtu village?
How many villages are there in Addateegala mandal?
What is the distance between Ramachandrapuram and Tirupati?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Bonjangi village in 2011?
What is the area of Aarepalli Agraharam village?
What is the population of African continent as of 2016?
What is the population of Baal Kalaan village as of 1990?
What is the pin code of Malakpur village?
What is the distance between Timmavaram and Hyderabad?
Which is the biggest village in Midthooru mandal?
What is the distance between Sirisilla and Sidhipeta?
What is the area of Vommali village?
What is the population of Nottingham city as of 2011?
What is the altitude of Pachanootala village from the sea level?
What is the STD code of Thoomulooru?
What is the area of G. Kandriga village?
What is the area of Singavaram village?
What is the area of Sangam mandal?
Who is the sarpanch of Venkata Lakshmi Ambapuram village in 2016?
Who is the sarpanch of Baal Kurd village in 2018?
What is the distance between Kaligiri and Narsipatnam?
What is the STD code of Suraayapalem?
What is the distance between Pedda Kadabooru and Kurnool?
What is the highly cultivated crop in East Chautapalem village?
What is the distance between Karlemma village and Tirupati?
How many villages are there in Thuni mandal?
Who got elected as the sarpanch of Gudimellanka village in 2014?
What is the population of Korukallu village as of 2013?
How many villages are there in Maakavarapalem mandal?
What is the distance between Visakhapatnam and Anantagiri?
Who got elected as the sarpanch of Thadikalapadu village in 2019?
Who is the sarpanch of Bukkapatnam village in 2016?
What is the area of Polavaram village?
What is the distance between Rajanagaram village and Tirupati?
What is the distance between Soorapurajupeta and Prattipadu?
What is the population of Gavigattu village as of 2016?
What is the distance between Kerala Coast and Lakshadweep?
How many villages are there in Rajavommangi mandal?
What is the altitude of Dondapudi village from the sea level?
What is the STD code of Pedapallam?
What is the number of voters in Dugatta village as of 2018?
What is the altitude of Valasampeta village from the sea level?
Who is the sarpanch of Kottapalle village in 2014?
What is the area of Velivela village?
What is the number of men in Ajjamooru village?
Which is the biggest village in Bheemunipatnam mandal?
Which is the biggest village in Ramachandrapuram mandal?
What is the main agricultural crop in Devarapalli village?
How many villages are there in Rajanagaram mandal?
What is the number of voters in Polaasigudem village as of 2011?
What is the altitude of Pamidipadu village from the sea level?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Anakapalli village?
What is the distance between Metpalli and Warangal?
What is the area of Mamidikuduru mandal?
What is the area of Chittamooru mandal?
How many villages are there in Veerulapadu mandal?
What is the distance between Gudiwada and Guntur?
What is the population of Pondooru mandal as of 2011?
What is the population of Moparru village as of 2000?
What is the distance between Siddantam village and Raulapalem?
What is the distance between Korukunda and Kotipalli?
What is the distance between Gundepalli and Amaravathi?
Who is the sarpanch of Dadrai village in 2018?
What is the distance between Kurnool and Mantralayam?
How many villages are there in Nalgonda district?
Which village exists in the east of Pedateenarla village?
What is the distance between Hyderabad and Marripalem in kilometres?
How many villages are there in Nagarkurnool district?
What is the altitude of Karakuduru village from the sea level?
What is the area of Sri Potti Sriramulu Nellore district?
Who is the sarpanch of Anumollanka village in 2016?
What is the area of Suravaram village?
What is the pin code of Angericheruvu village?
What is the distance between Indonesia and Japan?
What is the population of Chaudepalli mandal as of 2011?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Pinakottooru village?
What is the distance between Anantagiri and Pendurthi?
What is the distance between Kotabommali and Visakhapatnam?
What is the distance between Hyderabad and Vijayawada in kilometres?
Who is the sarpanch of Gudurupadu village in 2016?
Who is the sarpanch of Thelukunchi village in 2016?
What is the distance between Hyderabad and Eluru town in kilometres?
How much land was in non-agricultural usage in Kambalabayalu village in 2017?
What is the main agricultural crop in Kottakota village?
What is the distance between Nalgonda and Vijayawada?
What is the area of Agraharam village?
What is the distance between Nagarur village and Shadnagar town?
Who is the sarpanch of Yetivodduparta village in 2017?
What is the population of Yaalala mandal as of 2011?
What is the population of Cooch Behar as of 1991 census?
Who is the sarpanch of Kottapalli village in 2016?
What is the main occupation of the people of Nagambhotlapalem village?
How many villages are there in Tullooru mandal?
How many villages are there in Sarubujjili mandal?
What is the main agricultural crop in Vegavaram village?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Bapanaputtu village in 2011?
Which is the biggest village in Bucheyyapeta mandal?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Sappiputtu village in 2011?
As of 2011 census, how many houses exist in Annaaram village?
Which village exists in the west of Pagidiraai village?
2002 What is the population of J. Annavaram village as of 2002?
How many villages are there in Tullooru mandal?
Who is the sarpanch of Rajavaram village in 2017?
How many villages are there in Palakonda mandal?
What is the altitude of Kurucherlapadu from the sea level?
How many villages are there in Gudem Kottaveedhi mandal?
What is the distance between Maredubaka and Srikakulam?
What is the area of Komarada village?
How much land was in non-agricultural usage in Rampuduvalasa village in 2017?
What is the distance between Cyprus and Scotland?
What is the distance between Gondipalle and Anantapur?
What is the distance between Inaitpur village and Nizampura village?
What is the number of womenn in Vellanki village as of 2011 census?
How many villages are there in Nindra mandal?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Lingalavalasa village in 2011?
What is the distance between Tirupati and Hyderabad?
What is the distance between Chikmagaluru and Rayachuru?
What is the number of womenn in Handri Khairavaadi village as of 2004?
How many villages are there in Thandoor mandal?
How many villages are there in Mandapeta mandal?
What is the area of Nellore district?
What is the distance between Kaarakkail town and Madras?
What is the distance between Jaipur and Hyderabad?
What is the area of Rojulu mandal?
Who is the sarpanch of Lachannapudi Agraharam village in 2016?
What is the STD code of Vaalimeraka?
What is the altitude of A. Gonehal village from the sea level?
What is the distance between Nuzeveedu and Hyderabad?
What is the distance between Chigurupalli and Siddipeta?
What is the area of Palavalasa village?
What is the distance between Parvathipuram and Bhogapuram?
What is the area of Rangapuram village?
Which is the most populous country in 2018? What is the area of Dhirekot village?
What is the area of Avuku mandal?
What is the distance between Chintapalli and Anakapalli?
What is the distance between Howra and Gudur?
What is the distance between Attili and Tadepalligudem?
What is the area of Kambhampadu village?
What is the distance between Nathavaram and Gajuwaka?
How many villages are there in K.Kotapadu mandal?
What is the pin code of Kopperapadu village?
What is the distance between Chintapalli and Hukumpeta?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Aithepalle village?
What is the distance between Kodada and Khammam?
What is the area of Yeleswar mandal?
What is the number of womenn in Kadirimangalam village as of 2002?
What is the distance between Rampachodavaram and Kakinada?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Chekkamadugu village?
Who is the sarpanch of Yallamanda village in 2011?
How much land was in non-agricultural usage in Ladda village in 2017?
Who is the sarpanch of Jendagaruvu village in 2017?
What is the population of the North Korea as of 2017?
What is the population of Veerannapalem village as of 2010?
How much land was in non-agricultural usage in Saanigudem village in 2017?
Who is the sarpanch of Gangadevigudi village in 2016?
What is the STD code of Gootaala? `
What is the distance between Kottapeta and Thuni?
What is the distance between Gurramkonda and Hyderabad?
Who got elected as the sarpanch of Iruwada village in 2014?
What is the number of voters in Kottaguda village as of 2018?
What is the distance between Gangudi village and Hyderabad?
What is the distance between Australia and Brazil?
Which is the biggest village in Tulloor mandal?
Which is the biggest village in K.V.B. puram mandal?
What is the population of Munagaala village as of 2013?
What is the distance between Tirupuru and Vijayawada?
What is the area of Pamidimukkala mandal?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Jainath village?
What is the distance between Gummalakshmipuram and Kottavalasa?
What is the altitude of Veerendla village from the sea level?
How many villages are there in Doravarisatram mandal?
Who is the sarpanch of Saripalle village in 2018?
What is the distance between Kottapadu village and Eluru?
What is the number of men in Nagulapadu village as of 2011 census?
What is the area of Alluru mandal?
How many villages are there in Thavanampalli mandal?
Who is the sarpanch of Anantapuram village in 2018?
What is the distance between Santamoogulooru and Nuzeveedu?
What is the distance between Narsaraopeta and Vijayawada in kilometres?
What is the number of voters in Konaputtu village as of 2018?
What is the number of men in Pitapuram mandal as of 2011 census?
What is the number of men in Vedureswaram village as of 2010 census?
What is the main occupation of the people of Rajanagaram village?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Nakarikallu village?
How many villages are there in Dumbriguda mandal?
What is the distance between Daulatabad village and Hyderabad?
What is the distance between Tenali and Goa?
What is the distance between Kolimigundla and Jammalamadugu?
What is the area of Pallampalli village?
What is the distance between Ladda and Vijayanagaram?
What is the population of Kothlaahangaran village as of 2007?
What is the area of Kaleswaram village?
What is the pin code of Brahmanapalle village in Kurnool district?
What is the area of Munchamgiputtu mandal?
What is the altitude of Vanjaparti village from the sea level?
What is the distance between Sattenapalli and Tanguturu?
What is the altitude of Ibrahimpura village from the sea level?
As of 1991, what is the number of men in Brahmana Koduru village?
Who is the sarpanch of Mahal village in 2016?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Surampeta village in 2011?
What is the area of China Kurmam village?
What is the population of Christians in India as of 2011 census?
What is the distance between Chilakaluripeta and Kurnool?
What is the main occupation of the people of Odhiyan village?
What is the altitude of Obulaipalli village from the sea level?
How many villages are there in Kollipara mandal?
What is the number of voters in Thipparayapalle village as of 2018?
How many villages are there in Mummidivaram mandal?
What is the STD code of Kuntanahal?
What is the altitude of Pondugala village from the sea level?
What is the distance between Chinnajonnavalasa and Srikakulam?
What is the altitude of Tukkulooru from the sea level?
What is the distance between Rajampeta and Cuddapah?
What is the population of Yerragudidinne village as of 2009?
Which is the biggest village in Pitapuram mandal?
What is the distance between Nuzeveedu and Vizag?
What is the distance between Jhrasangam village and Hyderabad?
What is the altitude of Munagaalagalli village from the sea level?
What is the distance between Hindupur and Hyderabad?
How many villages are there in Udayagiri mandal?
What is the distance between Jaggayyapeta and Eluru?
What is the distance between Nakarikallu and Amaravathi?
What is the distance between Mutlooru and Bapatla?
What is the number of womenn in Dibbalapalem village as of 2008?
What is the altitude of Tirupati town from the sea level?
Who is the sarpanch of Pasurapadu village in 2016?
What is the population of Nagaram village as of 2011?
What is the area of Tekkalipatnam village?
What is the distance between Singanapalle village and Anakapalle?
Who is the sarpanch of Nagalapuram village in 2011?
What is the distance between Bhoorja and Srikakulam?
What is the distance between Baal Khurd and Nizampura village?
What is the distance between Prattipadu and Kakinada?
What is the pin code of Doddipatla village?
Who is the sarpanch of Renimakualapalle village in 2011?
What is the distance between Jakranpalle and Warangal?
How many villages are there in Jayasankar Bhupalapalli district?
How many villages are there in Ramasamudram mandal?
What is the distance between Rajunagulapalli village and Amaravathi?
What is the population of Kongaram village as of 2012?
Who got elected as the sarpanch of Kalugotlapalle village in 2019?
Who is the sarpanch of Kagithalapuru village in 2018?
What is the distance between Cuddapah and Repalle?
Which is the biggest village in Yetapaka mandal?
How many villages are there in Pedabayalu mandal?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Halikal village?
What is the area of Raghavapuram village?
Who got elected as the sarpanch of Papampeta village in 2019?
What is the population of Vemulanarva village as of 2008?
What is the distance between Markapuram and Annavaram?
What is the area of Kundalapalli village?
How many villages are there in Raptadu mandal?
Who is the sarpanch of Sitanagulavaram village in 2018?
What is the distance between Gorumanipalle and Kurnool?
What is the area of Krishna district in 2012?
What is the main agricultural crop in Theneputtu village?
What is the population of Srikalahasti mandal as of 2011?
What is the distance between Ongole and Ponnuru?
Who got elected as the sarpanch of Talamadugu village in 2019?
What is the STD code of Sathyajagannathapuram?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Chandupatla village?
How many villages are there in Kottacheruvu mandal?
What is the area of Komaravaram village?
Who is the sarpanch of Devanakonda village in 2016?
Who is the sarpanch of Bhakna Kalaan village in 2018?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Maruturu village?
What is the distance between Emmiganuru and Mantralayam?
How many villages are there in Rampachodavaram mandal?
What is the distance between Thaduvaayi and Eluru in kilometers?
What is the distance between Mahbubnagar and Vikarabad?
What is the area of Devaruppula mandal?
What is the population of Vemavaram village as of 2016?
As of 2011 census, how many houses exist in Muchalapuri village?
What is the pin code of China Palukuru village?
What is the main occupation of the people of Doddipatla village?
What is the altitude of Singupalem village from the sea level?
What is the distance between Korapalli and Baram?
What is the distance between Ramachandrapuram and Kurnool?
What is the distance between Balaram and Visakhapatnam?
Which is the biggest village in Lingala mandal?
What is the distance between Anantapuram and Guntur?
What is the distance between Sara village and Warangal?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Chiguruvalasa village in 2011?
What is the distance between Vellatooru and Bapatla?
What is the distance between Nuzeveedu and Ganpalagudem?
What is the distance between Alamooru and Vijayawada?
How many villages are there in Ponduru mandal?
What is the population of Tirupati village as of 2010?
What is the STD code of Jagathipalli?
How many villages are there in Ajnala taluk?
How many villages are there in Podalakuru mandal?
What is the population of Medipalli Kalaan village as of 2007?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Kuppambadooru village in 2011?
What is the main occupation of the people of Arla village?
What is the population of Gorripudi village as of 2010?
What is the distance between Bhogapuram and Visakhapatnam?
Who is the sarpanch of S. Seshampalli village in 2016?
What is the main agricultural crop in Yamarru village?
What is the distance between Mandapeta and Hyderabad?
How many villages are there in Veerapunayunipalle mandal?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Masanahalli village?
What is the area of Srinagar district?
What is the area of Sriramnagar village?
What is the population of Hyderabad city as of 19813?
What is the area of Digumodaputtu village?
What is the number of voters in Chinasompuram village as of 2018?
What is the altitude of Gajanki Village from the sea level?
What is the altitude of Ventrpragada village from the sea level?
What is the number of men in Sirpudi village as of 2003 census?
What is the main occupation of the people of Jaggadiguntapalem village?
What is the pin code of Korukonda village?
Who is the sarpanch of Paramaturu village in 2018?
What is the population of Undrajavaram mandal as of 2011?
What is the highly cultivated crop in East Gangavaram village?
What is the number of men in Kankipadu mandal as of 2011 census?
What is the distance between Kalyanadurgam and Hyderabad?
What is the distance between Tiruchipalli and Hyderabad?
What is the pin code of Siddavaram village?
What is the distance between Kauthalam and Vijayawada?
What is the distance between Padmapuram village and Anakapalli?
Who is the sarpanch of Kavalapadu village in 2016?
What is the distance between Eluru and Tuni?
What is the distance between Sun and Pluto?
How many villages are there in Gummalakshmipuram mandam?
What is the STD code of Visakhapatnam?
What is the area of Ativaram mandal?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Gudem village?
Who is the sarpanch of Kongapakalu village in 2017?
What is the pin code of Midtampalli village?
What is the pin code of Jataprolu village?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Bantwaram village?
What is the distance between Tamaram and Srikakulam?
What is the population of Duggirala village as of 1991 census?
What is the population of Undi mandal as of 2011?
What is the distance between Tirupur and Hyderabad?
What is the number of men in Narasapuram village as of 1999 census?
What is the distance between Pachalatadiparru and Hyderabad in kilometers?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Dhirekot village?
What is the population of Jaggampeta village as of 2011?
Who is the sarpanch of Apparaopeta village in 2018?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Bandamamillu village?
Who is the sarpanch of Gogulapadu village in 2011?
What is the number of voters in T. Sadum village as of 2018?
What is the area of Beriyan village?
What is the population of Pangidi village as of 2009?
Who is the sarpanch of Rajanagaram village in 2018?
Who is the sarpanch of Kalasapadu village in 2012?
Who is the sarpanch of Annaluru village in 2016?
What is the population of Nallajarla mandal as of 2011?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Pedamallapuram village?
What is the distance between Sumanthapuram @ Podugupadu village and Amaravathi?
What is the population of Tulluru mandal as of 2011?
What is the main agricultural crop in Kuditipalem village?
What is the distance between Chinagogada village and Kakinada?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Singavaram village in 2011?
What is the distance between Adasarlapadu village and Warangal?
Who is the sarpanch of Bhalapind village in 2016?
What is the area of Jammu village?
What is the distance between Eluru and Iragavaram?
What is the distance between Wagarru and Hindupur?
What is the number of men in Ketanakonda village?
What is the area of Gadwala district?
Who is the sarpanch of Ulavapalli village in 2010?
What is the distance between Ponnuru and Repalle?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Thorredu village in 2011?
What is the distance between Tirumalagiri and Khammam?
What is the distance between Cuddapah and Tiruapathi?
What is the distance between Ponnuru and Mangaligiri?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Tallampadu village?
Who is the sarpanch of Kambalapalli village in 2018?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Kesavareddypalem Agraharam village in 2011?
What is the distance between Padmanabham and Visakhapatnam?
What is the area of Donakonda mandal?
What is the altitude of Chabba Village from the sea level?
How many villages are there in Kondapuram mandal?
What is the pin code of Pallipadu village?
What is the distance between Ibrahimpatnam and Warangal?
What is the population of the country Iran as of 2010?
How many villages are there in Nakkapalli mandal?
What is the number of men in Srikalahasti mandal as of 2011 census?
How many villages are there in Pudooru mandal?
What is the distance between Narnuru and Warangal?
What is the number of men in Rudrasamudram village as of 2001 census?
How many villages are there in Guntur district?
What is the distance between Gannavaram and Guntur?
Who is the sarpanch of Marrivemula village in 2018?
What is the population of Los Angeles city as of 2016?
What is the distance between Calcutta and Buvaneswar?
What is the population of Tuni city as of 2011?
How many villages are there in Kovuru mandal?
What is the area of Kotturu village?
What is the distance between Pune and Hyderabad?
How many villages are there in Visakhapatnam district?
What is the distance between S.Kottagudem village and Warangal?
What is the population of Mauritania as of 2011?
What is the distance between Chauduwada and Visakhapatnam?
What is the main agricultural crop in Saggonda village?
What is the altitude of Telugurayapuram village from the sea level?
What is the area of Bellankonda mandal?
What is the distance between Guntakallu and Adoni?
What is the area of Satyavaram village?
What is the area of Guntur district in 2001?
What is the number of voters in Upparapalli village as of 2018?
What is the distance between Charlagudipadu and Hyderabad in kilometers?
What is the STD code of Madalangi?
Who is the sarpanch of Bhatrupalem village in 2016?
What is the STD code of Kollapur town?
What is the distance between Nandiwada and Tenali?
What is the distance between Prattipadu and Vizag?
What is the population of Kagithalapur village as of 2001?
What is the distance between Cheedikada and Tuni?
What is the area of Meerdoddi village?
How many villages are there in Yerpedu mandal?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Pothunuru village in 2011?
How much land was in non-agricultural usage in Chilakalagondi village in 2017?
What is the area of Nidadavolu village?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Rentikota village?
What is the population of Mannava village as of 1991 census?
How many villages are there in Varikuntapadu mandal?
What is the distance between Rajapuram and Srikakulam?
What is the number of men in Gadwala village as of 2009 census?
What is the population of Veeravalli village as of 2008?
What is the distance between Tirupati and Guntur?
What is the distance between Kandukuru and Kondapi?
Which is the biggest village in Prattipadu mandal?
What is the distance between Nalgonda and Adilabad?
Who got elected as the sarpanch of Kandukuru village in 2014?
How many villages are there in Bhupalapalli mandal?
What is the population of Motinagar village as of 2009?
What is the distance between Ravikamatam and Payakaraopeta?
What is the distance between Lingamgutla Agraharam and Hyderabad city?
What is the altitude of Kotarlapalle village from the sea level?
What is the area of Palakurti village?
What is the population of Gadwal district as of 2014?
What is the distance between Mangalagiri and Vijayawada?
What is the main agricultural crop in Dadrai village?
What is the distance between Jaggayyapeta and Amaravathi?
What is the distance between Gudiwada and Unguturu?
What is the altitude of Gollapalle village from the sea level?
What is the distance between Ichapuram and Vijayanagaram?
What is the population of Adoni mandal as of 2011?
What is the area of Revuru village?
What is the altitude of Munugodu Village from the sea level?
Who is the sarpanch of Kundaleswar village in 2011?
What is the altitude of Mullayapalem village from the sea level?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Nagpur village?
What is the population of Venkatapuram village as of 2014?
What is the area of Kuppam village?
Who is the sarpanch of Bodlapadu village in 2016?
What is the main agricultural crop in Guvvakollu village?
What is the distance between Rajahmundry and Ramachandrapuram?
What is the area of Kottapalle mandal?
What is the population of Boddavalasa village as of 2012?
What is the distance between Dachepalli and Tenali?
Which village exists in the west of Jajivalasa village?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Kotagaram village?
What is the distance between Chebrolu and Kakinada?
What is the area of South Vijayapuri village?
Who is the sarpanch of Jaipur village in 2018?
How much land was in non-agricultural usage in Dudyala village in 2017?
Who is the sarpanch of Machavaram village in 2016?
What is the altitude of Parvathipuram town from the sea level?
Who is the sarpanch of Bungaputtu village in 2017?
How much land was in non-agricultural usage in Mogilipadu village in 2017?
How many villages are there in Kondapuram mandal?
What is the population of Povuru village as of 2007?
What is the area of Chaiva village?
What is the distance between Kakarapalli village and Amaravathi?
What is the area of Bapulapadu mandal?
What is the area of Rajavaram village?
What is the pin code of Thotada village?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Vaddemgunta village?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Siripuram village?
What is the distance between Visakhapatnam and Anantagiri?
What is the distance between Sarubujjili and Srikakulam?
What is the main agricultural crop in Boduvalasa village?
What is the population of Chittoor mandal as of 2011?
What is the distance between K.C.H. Palli village and Guntur?
What is the distance between Tanuku and Guntur?
What is the population of Sundarapuram village as of 2004?
What is the population of Amritsar district as of 2012?
What is the area of Paleru village?
What is the distance between Tenali and Kakinada?
What is the pin code of Kotturu village?
What is the number of voters in Venkanapalem village as of 2011?
What is the population of Kurnool district as of 2017?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Dokuluru village in 2018?
What is the distance between Anantagiri and Chodavaram?
What is the area of Srikakulam district in 2015?
How many villages are there in Achampeta mandal?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in North Deenajpura village?
What is the number of men in Sanpatpuram village as of 2011 census?
What is the distance between Rajamahendravaram and Srikakulam?
What is the distance between Jaggayyapeta and Vijayawada?
What is the population of North Mopur village as of 2011?
What is the population of the Uttar Pradesh as of 2018?
What is the area of Simhachalam village?
What is the distance between Kakamanu and Kaikaluru?
What is the distance between Appannapalem village and Warangal?
Who is the sarpanch of Venkatayapalem village in 2011?
What is the altitude of Suryapeta town from the sea level?
What is the population of Gudipala village as of 2007?
How many villages are there in Ontumilli mandal?
What is the distance between Chollapadam village and Hyderabad?
What is the altitude of Vogatturu village from the sea level?
What is the number of men in Pulidindi village in 2018?
What is the distance between Kottapalli and Bhimavaram?
What is the altitude of Kunchangi village from the sea level?
What is the distance between Naidupeta and Ponnuru?
What is the altitude of Masapeta village from the sea level?
How many villages are there in Samshabad mandal?
What is the population of Ratnagiri town as of 2011 census?
What is the population of Bhimavaram village as of 2011?
What is the population of North America as of 2003?
What is the pin code of Pudivalasa village?
What is the distance between Nellore and Suraayapalem?
What is the population of Visakhapatnam as of 1931 census?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Sagipadu village?
What is the population of Odela village as of 2012?
What is the area of Kakarla village?
How many villages are there in Machavaram mandal?
What is the distance between Vemavaram and Vijayawada in kilometers?
What is the population of Darjeeling city as of 2010?
What is the number of voters in Sirimamidi village as of 2018?
How many villages are there in Sultanabad mandal?
What is the population of the country Korea as of 2010?
What is the area of East Godavari district?
What is the highly cultivated crop in East Bapatla (rural) village?
What is the distance between Kavali and Tanguturu?
What is the altitude of Devapudirajupalem village from the sea level?
What is the area of Trisur district?
How many villages are there in Atreyapuram mandal?
What is the area of Tirunelveli district?
What is the distance between Pullalacheruvu and Tanguturu?
What is the area of Undrajavaram village?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Kotapadu village in 2016?
What is the area of Bhuvanagiri district?
What is the area of Sambaguda village?
What is the distance between Addanki and Kanigiri?
What is the population of Penugonda village as of 2015?
Who is the sarpanch of Nayanicheruvupalle village in 2017?
What is the area of Vemagiri village?
How many villages are there in Gorantla mandal?
What is the pin code of Mushidipalli village?
What is the main agricultural crop in Rosanooru village?
How much land was in non-agricultural usage in Buragam village in 2017?
What is the distance between Alamooru and Vijayawada in kilometers?
Who is the sarpanch of Panchaalavaram village in 2014?
How much land was in non-agricultural usage in Jamparakota village in 2017?
What is the distance between Hyderabad and Pulivendula in kilometers?
What is the distance between Abicherla village and Amaravathi?
Who got elected as the sarpanch of Rawipadu village in 2019?
What is the area of Chaudepalli mandal?
What is the population of Adoni town as of 2007?
How many villages are there in Rajupalem mandal?
What is the main occupation of the people of Goddiputtu village?
What is the distance between Pedapadu and Devarapalli?
What is the distance between Chennai and Vijayawada?
Who is the sarpanch of Griddaluru village in 2016?
What is the distance between Hyderabad and Krishna district in kilometers?
What is the STD code of Cheedimetta?
What is the population of Uppalaguptam mandal as of 2011?
What is the distance between Gandipeta and Makta?
How many villages are there in Meliyaputti mandal?
What is the distance between Duggirala and Amaravathi?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Gootala village in 2011?
What is the main agricultural crop in Venkatapuram village?
How many villages are there in Heeramandal?
What is the area of Gummalakshmipuram mandal?
How many villages are there in Parawada mandal?
Who got elected as the sarpanch of Pasivedala village in 2014?
Which is the biggest village in Hukumpeta mandal?
What is the distance between Veerlapalli and Warangal?
What is the distance between Jaanapadu village and Hyderabad?
What is the population of the country Russia as of 2002?
What is the area of Gudem village?
Who got elected as the sarpanch of Medapi village in 2014?
What is the population of Toronto city as of 2016?
What is the main agricultural crop in Palavalasa village?
What is the distance between Ichapuram and Srunvarapukota?
What is the distance between Santabommali and Pathapatnam?
What is the population of Chandaluru village as of 2007?
What is the population of Garikapadu village as of 2009?
What is the distance between Rajasthan and Mumbai?
What is the population of Namilikonda village as of 2008?
What is the distance between Ojili and Kurnool?
What is the distance between Kokarajada and Srikakulam?
What is the distance between Elamanchili and Chodavaram?
What is the population of Tirumalagiri village as of 2011?
What is the distance between Hyderabad and Chilakaluripeta town in kilometers?
What is the distance between North and South Americas?
What is the area of Jalagoodu village?
Who got elected as the sarpanch of Vaddemanu village in 2019?
Who got elected as the sarpanch of Jaggannapeta village in 2014?
What is the number of voters in Mattiguda village as of 2018?
Which is the biggest village in Veeraghattam mandal?
What is the population of Mukkiputtu village as of 2012?
What is the distance between Hyderabad and Vikarabad?
What is the population of Kopparru village as of 2002?
Which is the biggest village in Mummidivaram mandal?
Who is the sarpanch of Dalavayi village in 2018?
What is the distance between Mushidipalli and Visakhapatnam?
What is the number of voters in Sembi village as of 2001?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Uddana Kurmanathapuram village?
What is the number of voters in Madanapuram village as of 2012?
What is the altitude of Kothapeta village from the sea level?
How many villages are there in Laveru mandal?
What is the distance between Arovil and Madhurai?
What is the distance between Tuni and Vijayawada?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Chinagedavalli village?
What is the distance between Bhakna Kalaan village and Nizampura village?
What is the area of Marripudu village?
What is the population of Vijayawada city as of 2018?
How many villages are there in Gangavaram mandal?
What is the distance between Cheerala and Tirupati?
What is the distance between Panyam and Kurnool?
What is the distance between Tanuku town and Hyderabad?
What is the population of Pedakurupadu mandal as of 2011?
What is the pin code of Marrimakulapalle village?
How many villages are there in Pedatippasamudram mandal?
Which is the biggest village in Vakadu mandal?
Who is the sarpanch of Nandamuru village in 2015?
As of 2011 census, how many houses exist in Kurukooru village?
What is the area of Yanamalakuduru village?
How many villages are there in T. Sundupalli mandal?
How many villages are there in Gangaraju Madugula mandal?
What is the pin code of Kalluru village?
What is the distance between Pedakodamagundla and Kakinada in kilometers?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Dudyala village in 2011?
What is the distance between Eluru and Aaredu?
What is the distance between Nakarikallu and Kandlagunta?
What is the altitude of Kasi from the sea level?
What is the area of Mandapeta mandal?
How many villages are there in Denduluru mandal?
What is the distance between Peesumamidi and Visakhapatnam?
What is the distance between Boduvalasa and Palasa?
What is the pin code of Akkanambottu village?
Who is the sarpanch of Thocham village in 2016?
Who is the sarpanch of Chittapur village in 2018?
What is the area of Vatti Cherukuru village?
Which is the biggest village in Chandurti mandal in area?
Which is the biggest village in Rayadurgam mandal in area?
Who got elected as the sarpanch of Karnutala village in 2019?
What is the distance between Karumilli and Kakinada?
What is the population of Bhimavaram village as of 2011?
Who got elected as the sarpanch of Ayyavaripalle village in 2014?
How many villages are there in Balayapalli mandal?
What is the population of YSR district as of 2016?
What is the pin code of Bodabandla village?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Ammapalem village in 2015?
What is the area of Bediliguda village?
What is the altitude of Nossam village from the sea level?
What is the distance between Manthangoud and Siddipeta?
What is the altitude of Karugorumilli Village from the sea level?
What is the distance between Chintapalli and Simhachalam?
What is the population of Panyam mandal as of 2011?
What is the area of Nallamal hills in Prakasam district?
Who got elected as the sarpanch of Potayyavalasa village in 2019?
What is the distance between Settiguda village and Hyderabad?
What is the pin code of Lavitiputtu village?
How many villages are there in Reddygudem mandal?
What is the distance between Machilipatnam and Gannavaram?
What is the distance between Punganuru and Tirupati?
What is the number of voters in E. Tandrapadu village as of 2018?
What is the area of Gollapalem village?
What is the pin code of Narsapuram village?
What is the population of Peddavaram village as of 2016?
Which is the biggest village in Odela mandal?
What is the distance between Chintapalli and Tuni?
Which village exists in the east of Boyaravula village?
What is the distance between Tullooru and Amaravathi?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Lanjalaguda village?
What is the distance between Unguturu and Bhimavaram?
What is the population of Gullipadu village as of 2011?
What is the distance between Nandigama village and Hyderabad?
What is the area of Chintapalli village?
What is the population of Kovuru mandal as of 2011?
How many villages are there in Pullalacheruvu mandal?
How many villages are there in Vatticherukuru mandal?
What is the number of voters in Kotturu village as of 2018?
What is the population of Chelluru village as of 2009?
What is the population of Norway as of 2011?
What is the distance between Alamooru and Kakinada?
What is the area of Nathavaram mandal?
What is the area of Khorda district?
What is the pin code of Paritala village?
What is the area of Polavaram mandal?
What is the area of Kalikiri village?
What is the altitude of Gubagundam village from the sea level?
What is the population of Sitampeta village as of 2001 census?
What is the distance between Rosanuru and Nellore?
How many villages are there in K. Kotapadu mandal?
Who is the sarpanch of Kellampalli village in 2011?
What is the main occupation of the people of Kottakota village?
What is the distance between Annavaram and Kakinada?
How many villages are there in Peddaraveedu mandal?
How many villages are there in Tadepalli mandal?
What is the altitude of Pedakapavaram village from the sea level?
What is the distance between Tovi and Kurnool?
What is the number of men in Jalumooru village as of 2011 census?
What is the distance between Totlavalluru and Ponnuru?
Which village exists in the west of Gummalapalem village?
What is the population of Kurnool district as of 2011?
What is the distance between Penumalla village and Kakinada?
What is the main agricultural crop in Rella village?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Visakhapatnam village in 2018?
Which is the biggest village in Nandavaram mandal?
What is the number of men in Atmakur mandal in 2010?
Which village exists in the west of Venkannnapalem village?
What is the distance between Anantapuram and Madakasira?
What is the distance between Yadamuri and Tirupati?
What is the main agricultural crop in Lakshmidevapeta Nuvvularevu village?
What is the area of Nirmal district?
How many villages are there in Atmakuru mandal?
What is the distance between Nuzeveedu and Eluru?
What is the distance between Hyderabad and Sattupalli in kilometers?
What is the area of Sri Potti Sriramulu Nellore district?
What is the population of Mugpaal mandal as of 2011?
Who is the sarpanch of Kottapalli village in 2018?
How many villages are there in Vidapanakal mandal?
What is the altitude of Pandrangi village from the sea level?
What is the distance between Makavarapalem and Anakapalli?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Thotapalli village?
How many villages are there in the neighborhood of Tulloru mandal?
How much land was in non-agricultural usage in Vennelavalasa village in 2017?
What is the distance between Pedabayalu and Koyyuru?
What is the distance between Raichur and Vijayawada?
Who is the sarpanch of Thatipadu village in 2018?
What is the population of Koulowal village as of 2012?
What is the distance between Mogilipadu and Srikakulam?
How many villages are there in Pulicherla mandal?
What is the distance between Panchalingal village and Tadipatri?
What is the distance between D. Heerahale village and Hindupur?
What is the distance between Tuni town and Nalgonda town?
Who got elected as the sarpanch of Isakapalli village in 2019?
Who is the sarpanch of Bhindi village in 2018?
What is the population of Thoyyeru village as of 2017?
What is the number of men in Dabbapalem village as of 1992?
What is the altitude of Chebrolu Village from the sea level?
What is the number of voters in Chimiti village as of 2018?
What is the population of Bitrakonda village as of 2013?
How many villages are there in Andole mandal?
What is the distance between Munchingiputtu and Visakhapatnam?
What is the population of Gummalakshmipuram mandal as of 2011?
What is the altitude of Mudivarti village from the sea level?
What is the area of Nanucharla village?
What is the distance between Palakollu and Hyderabad?
What is the distance between Markapuram and Dornala?
How many villages are there in Orvakallu mandal?
What is the pin code of Anantavaram village?
What is the area of Santamaguluru mandal?
What is the distance between Heeramandal and Tuni?
What is the distance between Chagalamarri and Visakhapatnam?
What is the distance between Parawada and Visakhapatnam?
What is the pin code of Dadur village?
How many villages are there in Amaravathi?
Which is the biggest village in Tamballapalle mandal?
What is the altitude of Siddibeharakotturu village from the sea level?
Who is the sarpanch of Ravipadu village in 2017?
How many villages are there in Ponnuru mandal?
What is the distance between Chinakurmam and Visakhapatnam?
What is the area of Sunkesula village?
What is the distance between Adoni and Medchal?
How many villages are there in Anandapuram mandal?
What is the distance between Dhanbad and Mumbai?
What is the distance between Pedabayalu and Payakaraopeta?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Khandriga village?
What is the area of Unduru village?
What is the area of Khasarghad district?
What is the altitude of Venkatagiri village from the sea level?
What is the population of Pedabayalu village as of 2011?
How many villages are there in Kuppam mandal?
How many villages are there in Guntur mandal?
What is the distance between Mangalagiri and Vijayawada?
How many villages are there in Porumamilla mandal?
What is the population of Varli village as of 2001?
What is the distance between Bapulapadu and Gannavaram?
What is the population of Kuchipudi village as of 2014?
What is the distance between Pedaguruvu and Anakapalli?
What is the population of Pusupugallu village as of 2017?
What is the distance between Mamidikuduru and Hyderabad?
What is the distance between Gangaraju Madugula and Devarapalli?
What is the distance between Telukunchi and Srikakulam?
What is the distance between Burujula village and Hyderabad?
What is the distance between Ichapuram and Kanchili?
What is the distance between Echerla and Tuni?
What is the number of men in Timmapuram village as of 2010 census?
What is the area of Gudipala mandal?
How many villages are there in Gannavaram mandal?
What is the pin code of Siddantam village?
What is the population of Guntur district as of 2010?
What is the altitude of Kivarla Village from the sea level?
What is the distance between Markapuram and Cheerala?
Which is the biggest village in Saluru mandal?
What is the population of Koth Hirderam village as of 2016?
What is the distance between Amalapuram and Tanuku?
What is the population of C. Khandriga village as of 1991?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Veerladinne village in 2018?
What is the population of Gamparru village as of 2009?
What is the distance between Jaggayyapeta and Chennai?
What is the altitude of Kalluru town from the sea level?
What is the altitude of Palasingi village from the sea level?
What is the altitude of Gogannamatam from the sea level?
How many villages are there in Padmanabham mandal?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Anantapalle village?
What is the population of Anantavaram village as of 2011?
How many villages are there in Tallooru mandal?
How many villages are there in the neighborhood of Eleswaram mandal?
What is the distance between Tirupur town and Guntur?
What is the distance between Tullooru and Kakinada?
How much land was in non-agricultural usage in Bantumilli village in 2017?
What is the distance between Jaggayyapeta and Cheerala?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Rampachodavaram village in 2018?
Which is the biggest village in Chakrayapeta mandal?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Narsingapeta village in 2011?
What is the distance between Warangal and Khammam?
What is the pin code of Srotriyam Valasala village?
What is the pin code of Aaredu village?
What is the STD code of Gollala Mamidada?
What is the pin code of Akkupalli village?
What is the distance between Varadayyapalem and Tirupati?
What is the distance between Devanakonda and Bhimavaram?
What is the population of Tirupur town as of 1991 census?
What is the population of Agaveli village as of 2015?
What is the distance between Ramachandrapuram village and Tirupati?
What is the area of Sukravarampeta village?
What is the population of Boston city as of 2011?
What is the area of Pedapadu mandal?
What is the distance between Tillapudi and Bhimavaram?
What is the population of Brahmanagudem village as of 2009?
What is the area of Marrigooda village?
What is the number of men in K. Bommepalli village as of 2010 census?
What is the population of Panama country as of 1991 census?
What is the distance between Kovvuru and Ravulapalem?
How many villages are there in Yadadri Bhuvanagiri district?
What is the number of voters in Kambalabayalu village as of 2018?
What is the population of Penumooru mandal as of 2011?
What is the area of Veldurti mandal?
What is the number of voters in Kimmooru village as of 2018?
What is the number of voters in Lembagudaa village as of 2018?
What is the population of Lemallepadu village as of 2008?
What is the distance between Paderu and Bheemunipatnam?
Who is the sarpanch of Ardhavaram village in 2011?
What is the distance between Anakapalli and Tuni?
What is the pin code of Narmalapadu village?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Vellatooru village?
What is the altitude of Ramanagar Bayanapalle Village from the sea level?
How many villages are there in Kovuru mandal in 2016?
What is the distance between Noozeveedu and Amaravathi in kilometers?
What is the area of Peda Komera village?
Which is the biggest village in Hasanparti mandal?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Akkupalli village in 2011?
What is the area of Banaganapalle mandal?
What is the population of Dippakayalapadu village as of 2018?
What is the population of Kollivarigudem village as of 2003?
What is the distance between Nathavaram and Devarapalli?
What is the population of Vanugupalli village as of 2014?
What is the distance between Tirupur town and Anantapur?
How many villages are there in Ibrahimpatnam mandal?
Who is the sarpanch of Vallore village in 2015?
What is the distance between Ellareddipet and Adilabad?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Kambalabayalu village in 2011?
What is the distance between Mulakot and Nizampura village?
What is the distance between Annavaram and Tuni?
Who is the sarpanch of East Rompidodla village in 2003?
How many villages are there in Husnabad mandal?
Which is the biggest village in Pullalacheruvu mandal?
What is the number of men in Korlam village as of 2011 census?
What is the distance between Baagada and Srikakulam?
What is the population of Chintapalli village as of 2011?
Who is the sarpanch of Sadeku village in 2016?
What is the area of Tummalagunta village?
Who is the sarpanch of Rangapuram village in 2017?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Satyajagannathapuram village in 2011?
What is the pin code of Chandaluru village?
What is the distance between Rallapalli and Anantapuram?
What is the distance between Kasinagaram village and Hyderabad?
What is the altitude of Medapi village from the sea level?
What is the distance between Pusapatirega and Dattirajeru?
How many villages are there in Epuru mandal?
What is the main occupation of the people of Boppapur village?
What is the distance between Vallapur village and Shadnagar town?
Who is the sarpanch of Bhimaganipalle village in 2016?
Who is the sarpanch of Malakpeta village in 2011?
What is the population of women in Penuganchiprolu mandal as of 2015 census?
What is the main occupation of the people of Pravelvarmeswarapuram village?
What is the population of Chinnayagudem village as of 2009?
What is the distance between Kakinada and Vijayawada?
What is the area of Amritsar district?
What is the number of voters in Kocherla village as of 2018?
What is the distance between Donakonda and Vizag?
What is the distance between Ravikamatham and Anakapalli?
Who is the sarpanch of Rayal village in 2016?
What is the population of Kamavarapukota village as of 2018?
What is the area of Chakrayapeta mandal?
What is the area of Chintagunta village?
What is the distance between Kovvur and Polavaram?
What is the number of voters in Puligommi village as of 2018?
What is the population of Vempadu village as of 2011?
What is the distance between Narsaraopeta and Kakinada?
What is the main agricultural crop in Tella Devarapalli village?
What is the altitude of Dantuluru Village from the sea level?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Yarnagudem village in 2014?
What is the distance between Gangavaram and Kotipalli?
What is the area of Bhela village?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Allapuram village in 2015?
What is the population of Greenland as of 2001?
How many villages are there in the neighborhood of Bapatla mandal?
Which village exists in the west of Dharmavaram village?
What is the number of men in Raparti village as of 2010 census?
What is the population of China Mamidada village as of 2012?
Who is the sarpanch of Nandigam village in 2016?
What is the area of Jalumuru village?
What is the area of Likhimpur Kheri district?
Who is the sarpanch of Vinagadapa village in 2005?
Who got elected as the sarpanch of Chanugondla village in 2014?
What is the distance between Nandikotkuru and Mahanandi?
What is the population of Pochampalli village as of 2003?
What is the area of Krishna district?
What is the altitude of Imidepalli village from the sea level?
What is the population of Bangurupalli village as of 2001 census?
What is the altitude of Kalluru Village from the sea level?
What is the area of Penumantra mandal?
What is the distance between Pandori and Nizampura village?
How many villages are there in Marripadu mandal?
How many villages are there in Dharmavaram mandal?
What is the main occupation of the people of Savaramaluva village?
How many villages are there in Kurnool district?
How many villages are there in Chittoor district?
What is the area of Kanala village?
What is the distance between Bapulapadu and Mudinepalli?
What is the distance between Sanjamala and Kurnool?
What is the distance between Kakinada and Vijayawada in kiloemeters?
What is the distance between Venkatagiri and Nellore?
What is the area of Fatehabad district?
What is the distance between Ponnuru and Hyderabad?
Who is the sarpanch of Chodimolla village in 2018?
Who is the sarpanch of Aaleru village in 1999?
What is the population of Huvvanuru village as of 2000?
What is the population of Suvagam village as of 2003?
What is the population of Nancherla village as of 2011?
What is the distance between Aalamuru district center and Hyderabad?
What is the distance between Padmanabham and Kasimkota?
What is the distance between Warangal and Hyderabad?
Who got elected as the sarpanch of Vijjeswaram village in 2019?
What is the number of men in Kamcheruvu village as of 2011 census?
What is the distance between Bhuvaneswar and Tadepalligudem?
How many villages are there in Jagityala district?
What is the distance between Siripuram village and Warangal?
What is the distance between Golconda and Payakaraopeta?
How many villages are there in Satna district?
What is the population of Krishnayapalem village as of 2016?
What is the distance between Cuddapah and Mylavaram?
What is the population of Krishna district as of 1991 census?
What is the distance between Deglore and Vijayawada?
What is the distance between Nuzeveedu and Noozendla?
Who got elected as the sarpanch of Padala village in 2015 general elections?
Who is the sarpanch of Takkellapadu village in 2014?
What is the distance between Nakkapalli and Vijayanagaram?
Which village exists in the west of Mukundarajupeta village?
What is the area of Gummalagondi village?
What is the number of voters in Choduwada village as of 2018?
What is the distance between Sangareddy and Kakinada?
What is the distance between G. Konduru and Kakinada?
What is the area of Perapuram village?
What is the distance between Jakranpalle and Nizamabad?
What is the distance between Mangalagiri and Kakinada?
How many villages are there in Vijayanagaram district?
What is the distance between Palwancha and Rajahmundry?
Which is the biggest village in Kambham mandal?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Yedurlanka village in 2018?
What is the distance between Anakapalli and Hyderabad?
What is the pin code of Mandruvalasa village?
What is the main occupation of the people of Sobhanadripuram village?
What is the distance between Arakuloya and Srikakulam?
What is the distance between Alampur and Gadwal?
What is the number of men in Andhra Pradesh as of 2011 census?
Who is the sarpanch of Jalabhadrapuram village in 2011?
What is the distance between Bapulapudi and Chennai?
What is the population of Jackson as of 2011?
How many villages are there in Banaganapalle mandal?
Who is the sarpanch of Munagapadu village in 2018?
As of 2011 census, how many houses exist in Jaggayyapeta village?
Which is the biggest village in Tondangi mandal in area?
What is the distance between Ballari and Hyderabad?
What is the population of Pedakodamagundla village as of 2015?
What is the population of Rayavaram village as of 2001?
What is the distance between Udayagiri and Tada?
What is the distance between Arakuloya and Sabbavaram?
How many villages are there in Putalapattu mandal?
What is the population of Mukkaamala village as of 2018?
What is the pin code of Panchalingala village?
How many villages are there in Vijayanagaram district?
What is the pin code of Kurakapalli village?
What is the area of Arakuloya mandal?
Who is the sarpanch of Kanupuru Bit-2 @ Chautapalem village in 2016?
How many villages are there in Prattipadu mandal?
What is the distance between Nallapadu and Ponnuru?
What is the pin code of Bellam village?
What is the pin code of Labburu village?
What is the population of Bobbellapadu village as of 2016?
What is the distance between Anantagiri and Nizamabad?
What is the population of Tenugupudi village as of 2009?
How many villages are there in Lakhimpur Kheri district?
What is the population of Dharmapuram village as of 2012?
What is the area of Addateegala mandal?
What is the area of Devarapalli village?
Who is the sarpanch of Kanbalabayalu village in 2016?
What is the area of Rentachintala mandal?
What is the altitude of Devalampeta village from the sea level?
What is the altitude of Kurnool district from the sea level?
How many villages are there in Bandi Atmakuru mandal?
What is the distance between Nassar village and Nizampura village?
Who is the sarpanch of Vantaada village in 2018?
Which is the biggest village in Nuzeveedu mandal?
What is the distance between Palakollu and Kakinada?
What is the population of Sairgaam village as of 2001 census?
What is the distance between Koyyuru and Hukumpeta?
What is the distance between Chadam village and Guntur?
How many villages are there in the neighborhood of Nandyal mandal?
What is the STD code of Kanbhampadu?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Seedhi village?
What is the distance between Kottapeta and Kakinada?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Kunduru village?
What is the area of Ampuram village?
What is the altitude of Patapalem from the sea level?
What is the distance between Uppivalasa village and Tekkali?
What is the altitude of Veeravilli Village from the sea level?
What is the population of Lingala village as of 2009?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Nadurabaada village?
What is the distance between Delhi and Calcutta?
What is the number of voters in Chilamatooru village as of 2011?
How many villages are there in Betiya district?
What is the area of Rayal village?
What is the area of Gopalapuram mandal?
What is the distance between Gudiwada and Hyderabad in kilometers?
What is the distance between Tenali and Bapatla?
What is the distance between India and London?
What is the area of Narsapur mandal?
What is the population of Aalmuru mandal as of 2011?
What is the main occupation of the people of Boddangipadu village?
What is the main occupation of the people of Gondiguda village?
How many villages are there in Gudur mandal?
What is the area of Unguturu mandal?
What is the highly cultivated crop in Mamillapalli village?
What is the distance between Tamilnadu and Kasi?
What is the area of Chandarlapadu village?
How many acres of uncultivated land is available in Lingareddypalli village in 2011?
What is the population of Europe as of 2012?
What is the population of Kallomahal village as of 2002?
Who is the sarpanch of Dondapudi village in 2016?
What is the area of Tallooru mandal?
What is the distance between Pedabayalu and Anakapalli?
Who is the sarpanch of Bhainibadeshan village in 2018?
What is the distance between Pedakakani and Bapatla?
What is the distance between Gampalagudem and Hanuman Junction?
What is the population of Madakasira mandal as of 2011?
What is the distance between Kondabhimapalem village and Kakinada?
What is the main agricultural crop in Madanapalle village?
Who is the sarpanch of Jaggadiguntapalem village in 2018?
What is the distance between Pairevaal village and Nizampura village?
What is the area of Konakanamitla village?
Which is the biggest village in Gopalapuram mandal?
What is the population of Kondamuru mandal as of 2017?
What is the altitude of Srikalahasti from the sea level?
What is the distance between Jalumuru and Amadalavalasa?
What is the distance between Chuttukota village and Vijayawada?
